Casa San Bernardo is set in beautiful landscaped gardens complete with outstanding water features.

The newly constructed the villa has every modern amenity. Offering air conditioning throughout as well as central heating to take the chill out off Christmas holidays. On the ground floor there are two double bedrooms both with ensuites, a large airy and fully equipped kitchen and a large living/dining room for 12/14. The living/dining room has a wall mounted 50' HD Plasma TV, Blu-Ray, DVD & 140 channel FreeSat box.

On the first floor there are a further 4 double bedrooms all with luxury ensuite bathrooms finished in Italian marble, doubleended baths, and large walk-in showers. There is a very large 20 x 12m feature pool complete with a Tropical Island, stunning views and underwater seating.

Adjacent to the main pool is the heated Jacuzzi. There is also a table tennis table for the kids and a gym area to stay fit while topping up your tan. Complete withWifi, plus daily maid service available.

About the Villa
The villa has been beautifully decorated by leading interior designers Hamilton Interiors, with very high quality furniture, hand-made works of art, sumptuous king-sized beds with luxurious Egyptian cotton sheets, extensive outdoor sofas and rattan loungers.

The villa has only just been refurbished to a high standard using both beautiful cream stone, authentic Spanish tiles and polished marble throughout the house and is now available from the 17th May 2009. The villa offers air conditioning throughout, plus silent hand-casted fans with teak blades (for those who prefer to sleep without air-con), as well as central heating should you require extra warmth in the winter months.

On the ground floor of the villa you have two double bedrooms both with en-suites, a large airy and fully equipped kitchen and a large lounge diner which comes complete with a wall mountedHD 50'' flat screen TV, DVD,Blu-Ray, Satellite TV, iPod dock and home cinema surround sound system.

The dining area has seating for up to 12. From the lounge and the kitchen as well as one of the bedrooms you have direct access to a large free-form swimming pool and terrace areas, all offering you stunning panoramic views.

On the first floor there are a further 4 double bedrooms with beautiful en-suite bathrooms finished in polished marble complete with baths and large walk-in showers fitted with both wall and rain showers. From three of the bedrooms you have access to a private terrace overlooking the gardens and swimming pool, and from where you can take in the breathtaking panoramic mountain views.

In addition three of the bedrooms also have private balconies giving dual aspect views. In fact all six bedrooms offer gorgeous views.

The rear gardens would not be out of place in the finest boutique hotels and contain a stunning 20m pool complete with a tropical Island and underwater seating area for that ultimate long cool drink while admiring the stunning mountain views. Adjacent to the main pool is the heated Jacuzzi - the place to watch the sunset with a cooling cocktail.
