Grand Villa San Pietro is a fully air-conditioned luxurious 5 bedroom villa complete with a fully independent luxury 2 bedroom apartment.

The villa offers breath-taking panoramic views from all bedrooms, living areas, and around the large pool. A large ultra modern kitchen is finished off with polished granite tops.

The formal dining area which leads on to the light and airy lounge, with beautiful 5m high vaulted ceilings. The master suite comes complete with private terrace, dressing area and an exquisite stone and marble finished en suite bathroom. All the suites/bedrooms have similar ensuite bathrooms which are againfinished to the same exquisite standards.

The spa complex, ideal for winter or summer use, includes a large indoor heated swimming pool, sauna and bar area as well as an outdoor 8 person hot tub, plus the latest gym equipment you canuse whilst soaking up the views. A truely magnificent villa built and furnished to exceptionally high standards.

Bedrooms
All seven bedrooms are large and luxurious, fully equipped ith both air conditioning and handmade teak ceiling fans.

They have solid-wooden furniture, and are sympathetically dcorated with pictures and ornaments by internationally enowned designers Hamilton Interiors. All 5 bedrooms in te main villa have dressing tables, and comfortble seating. Al of the bedrooms also enjoy a private balcony/terrace or direct garden access through opening double-doors.

There is also an independent luxury 2-bedroom apartment, with separate entrance, fully equipped kitchen, living and private terrace. This can sleep 6 persons.

Bathrooms
All bedrooms have private en-suite bathrooms, except in the apartment where the private bathroom is shared. Each bathroom is spacious and luxurious, and finished with the finest Italian marble & chrome towel rails.

Bathrooms 1,2 and 5 have both large showers, containing both an overhead rain shower as well as a wall shower. They also have sunken double-ended baths for a long relaxing soak. Bathrooms 3, 4, 6 and 8 have large walk-in showers, with both rain and wall showers. Bathroom 7 is a guest toilet. Bathroom 8 is within the indoor heated pool and spa area, it also includes a changing area and has a 6/8 person sauna.

Location
Gran Villa San Pietro is located on one of the premier private suburbs of the Costa del Sol, the ultra-exclusive El Madronal, with 24-hour gated access. This location is less than ten minutes drive from the dazzling nightlife, restaurants and marina of Puerto Banus and cosmopolitan Marbella with its quaint old town, picturesque orange square and designer shops.

The charming town of San Pedro with over 200 café's and restaurants, fine sandy beaches and seafront promenade is just 5 minutes away. A two minute drive away is Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club designed by Severiano Ballesteros, which also boasts two driving ranges, tennis courts, squash, sauna, gym,paddle tennis, Pro-shop, restaurant, cafe and a children's play area.

The 18 hole par 72, with views through the valley to the Mediterranean and North Africa beyond, constitutes golf at its very best. There are in fact over 30 golf courses with a 30 minute  drive from the villa, and 10 in less than 10 minutes
