FANTASTIC PENTHOUSE REDUCED FROM 670,000 EUROS - GREAT INVESTMENT - NEEDS TOTAL REFORM

Beachside 3 (plus additional loft bedroom) bedroom penthouse with beautiful views down to the sea.  Situated in what used to be the Hotel AGH complex, which has now been bought by Globales Hotels and located 150 metres from the sea and within 2km radius of 7 different championship golf courses, including the prestigious Los Flamingos and El Paraiso courses.  The community has several swimming pools.  Owners of apartments in the private community are also allowed to use the large hotel pool, as long as they buy drinks.

The property is a duplex penthouse set on 2 floors.  On the 1st floor there are 2 bedrooms with bathrooms en suite, guest WC, kitchen, storeroom, lounge/dining room which opens onto a south facing terrace.  The second floor offers a further 2 bedrooms sharing another full bathroom, with wooden beams, and additional lounge room to a large private terrace which has a jacuzzi and barbeque.  There is also an additional storeroom on this floor and there is also a basement garage parking place.  Bluebay have bought all of the ground floor apartments (87) which were formerly owned by the AGH hotel and the main hotel building, restaurant, spa etc. have now been acquired by Globales Hotels.  Now the hotel has reopened and apartment owners are allowed access to hotel facilities, either free of charge or at discounted rates, this fantastic beach side penthouse will increase in valuation instantly and of course all the additional services of the hotel will be on their doorstep.

Having done a LOT of viewings with clients looking for a full time home, the location of the property, right next to the A7 coastal highway and the associated road noise is such that this property is probably better suited to a rental investor, especially with the access to all of the hotel facilities.

Penthouse, El Paraiso, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 214 m², Terrace 15 m².

Setting : Beachside, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Private Terrace.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Reduced.
