PRICE REDUCED FROM €11.000.000 ! A magnificent beachfront estate ideal for development of up to 4 beachfront villas located within walking distance to Estepona port, consisting of two large plots offering panoramic frontal sea views with total privacy. The luxury villa offers 5 bedrooms, multiple living spaces including a stylish grand main salon with impressive double height ceiling, wonderful outdoor terrace spaces, and a very large private garden, swimming pool, Jacuzzi & tennis court, as well as the unique option for development of 2 new beachfront villas on the larger beach plot without obstructing the sea view of the existing property. Formerly owned by a famous Hollywood actor and situated right on the beachfront with direct beach access, the two segregated plots of 5000m2 and 3400m2 feature mature palm gardens not far from all amenities in Estepona. There is also the possibility to easily re-segregate the plot to allow up to 4 villas in total - as per the project design in accordance with the Ley de Costa. The entrance to the property offers a large driveway with adequate parking and double garage, and inside the entrance hall leads directly to the spacious lounge with double height ceiling opening onto the garden with sea view. There is also a TV/games room with pool table and table tennis, a modern kitchen, separate dining room, and laundry room. The property offers 5 double bedrooms and 6 bathrooms, including the large private master bedroom suite on the first floor with 2 en suite bathrooms, a sofa seating area and a large private balcony with sea view, plus 4 additional en-suite double bedrooms - 3 of which have been recently modernized with Travertine marble bathrooms and furnished by an interior designer with Villeroy and Boch sanitary ware. The 5th bedroom is a large, garden/pool facing king size room situated at the opposite end of the villa for enhanced privacy. Outside there is an extra large 8-person Jacuzzi cascading into the enormous swimming pool of 20 meters by 8 meters, surrounded by marble and terracotta terraces and poolside shelter with a large dining table, as well as a full sized floodlit tennis court. A unique beachfront property with direct beach access and walking distance to amenities.