A unique property just a few hundred meters from the famous white village of Mijas, walking distance to local shops, restaurants and supermarkets. Situated on a truly magnificent location on the border of one of the most sought after urbanizations surrounding the white village of Mijas, neighboring a large pine forest in a setting of complete privacy. This split-level property has recently been completely refurbished to modern standards and has been equipped with solar panels, respecting the original Andalusian design yet with a completely modern interior. The driveway with garage leads up to a private parking area for several cars. Entering the property, one is welcomed by a large, open plan lounge with a lot of glass and plenty of natural light. There are several lounge areas and a beautiful, open plan Italian family kitchen with all modern appliances. A few steps up will lead you to a large dressing room with an open plan bedroom and bathroom and a private office. The other side of the property offers private space for guests and another modern newly fitted bathroom. There is plenty of outside terrace space and a large private swimming pool, south facing enjoying beautiful views to the coastline and the sea.

One of the jewels of the Costa del Sol is the beautiful little village of Mijas, which nestles comfortably in the mountainside at 428 meters above sea level; it is a superb choice for either holiday or full time living. Of the 7,500 population, there are so many foreign and English speaking residents in and around the pueblo that the Town Hall has a very helpful Foreigner's Department, which caters for the many needs of those who do not speak Spanish. When you wander through the narrow cobbled streets of this Andalucian village, you can understand what has attracted foreigners to settle here over the years. Many artists and writers have made it their home, enjoying the benefits of an excellent all year round climate, without being part of the busier, more commercial coastal towns just 7 kilometres down the mountain side. Despite its huge popularity with tourists, Mijas Pueblo has somehow managed to retain much of its traditional Andalucian way of life, the locals displaying their unabashed passion for all things festive and an unmistakable relaxed 'mañana' outlook on anything that can be put off for another day.
