OUR EXCLUSIVE! Location Location Location! The perfect property in the heart of the famous Puerto Banus directly on the beach. A frontline beach property with 3 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. 
The duplex ground floor apartment features an impressive palace-style entrance hall leading to an amazing open plan living area on the lower level and a private area on the upper level composed of 3 bedrooms with 3 en-suite bathrooms.The master suite is split into 3 areas, His and Hers dressing areas on each side of the entrance leading to the sleeping area with and open sea view and access to a sunny terrace, and the bathroom area with the His and Hers showers, a jacuzzi bath with sea view and a seperate toilet.
The amazing open living area is composed of a modern open plan fully fitted Siematic kitchen with cutting-edge design, ergonomics and superior home appliances such as a design Iphone kitchen extractor with boxes and integrated iphone doc; a dining area and a cozy luxurious lounge, all leading to a large attractive terrace itself opening up to the tropical gardens.
Completely renovated in 2014 with top modern design and with high quality materials, this property offers numerous extras such as a full domotic system that controls the electric blinds, the cold / hot air conditionning system, the underfloor heating and the many led lightings throughout the whole apartment; a music system with integrated speakers in the ceiling in each bedroom; Hansgrohe fittings and Porcelanosa ceramic tiles in the bathrooms; a full shower room/toilet on the living area level, as well as a storage/utility room.
The property is also sold with 2 parking spaces, a storage room next to the parking space and an independant studio apartment which can be used as and office or staff quarters.
The community offers lush subtropical landscaped gardens with large communal swimming pool and direct access to the wonderful promenade and sandy beach just 50 meters away from the apartment. A unique opportunity for extremely spacious and luxury living on the beachfront in Puerto Banus.
