Avocado Finca: Outstanding well producing avocado farm with main villa, guest house and porter house only 10 minutes´ drive from the beach in Mijas Costa. The 112.493 m2 land hosts a flat, mature, subtropical garden with huge private pool, approx. 77.000 m2 flat land is planted with big avocado trees in full production and approx. 36.000 m2 of olive trees on a slight hill, plus many outbuildings (836 m2) for dogs, chicken, 2 horse boxes, 2 industrial halls for machinery, ring and flat area to train horses. The main villa (366 m2) has 4 bedr. and 2 baths in 2 wings, 2 huge lounge-dining areas with fireplace, independent kitchen, office, sunny watch-tower room on the 1st floor, covered porch terrace and an Andalusian courtyard in the centre. The guest house (77 m2) has 3 bedr., 2 baths, kitchen, lounge and dining area. The porter house (54 m2) offers a lounge with kitchen, 2 bedrooms and a bath. You can enjoy very nice views to the mountains of Mijas, Alhaurin and Coin. This property combines very good benefit from the avocado trees with the opportunity to hold and breed animals, to live in the comfort of the 3 houses or to rent them, all in a rural urbanisation, only 10 min. drive from the beach and several golf courses. 4 wells. IBI (local rates): 2.027 EUR/year, Community fees: 675 EUR/year, Basura (Rubbish): 68 EUR/year. 

Villa, Urbanization, Equipped Kitchen, Parking: Ample Garage, Pool: Private, Garden: Large Garden, Facing: South
Views:  Countryside, Courtyard, Garden, Green Zones, Hills, Mountains, Natural Park, Pleasant, Pool, Surrounds.
Features  Air Conditioning Hot/Cold, Alarm System, Almond trees, Aluminium windows, Area suitable for tourism, Attic Room, Automatic Entrance, Automatic Irrigation System, Awnings, Blinds, Built barbecue, Casita, Charming Property, Close to river, Dining Area, Dog Kennel, Double glazing windows, Electricity, Equestrian Centre, Even land, Excellent Condition, Farm, Fenced Plot, Fireplace, Fitted Wardrobes, Fruit Trees, Good Road Access, Granite worktop in kitchen, Guest House, High Ceilings, Horse Boxes, Horse-Riding Area, Ideal for Country Lovers, Independent utility room, Insect screens, Land suitable for cultivation, Landscaped Gardens, Large Storeroom, Living room with dining area, Lookout Tower, Marble Floors, Mature Garden, Mountain View, Office, Olive trees, Outbuildings, Palm trees, Parquet Floor, Patio Andaluz, Porch, Porter´s house, Quiet Location, Renovated, Rooms individually heated, Rustic Style, Safe, Security Grills, Solar Panels, Sought After Area, Spacious Accommodation, Stable, Staff Accommodations, Staff Bathroom, Various Storerooms, Water Deposit, Well, Work Shop.