PROPERTY OF FULL DOMAIN - For sale excellent property and catering business of 180 square meters distributed in four large independent areas if you want, in the middle of a busy shopping center on the Costa del Sol between Estepona and Marbella. Located on the first floor, the two-story premises have a south orientation and beautiful views of the mountain.
On the first floor there is a covered and private outdoor terrace with capacity for more than six tables. Entering on the right in a corridor there are two complete bathrooms and a large area where you can place two tables, there is the bar with its seats and inside there is the coffee machine, the refrigerators, the sink and a window that communicates with the kitchen. Next door you will find the complete professional kitchen.
On the left are the stairs that are very spacious to go up to the second floor where we find a large, bright central living room with capacity for more than fourteen tables overlooking the mountain and the road, facing the staircase and separated by a sliding door. cristal is another more informal lounge very comfortable with a service with shower and a bar with many possibilities.
On the other side we find another very nice room with two rooms that can be adapted for offices and warehouse or why not for some reserved.
Restoration licenses are up-to-date as well as light and water because the gas is cylinder. For the orientation does not require air conditioning and has a community cost of 49 euros per month. The parking is communal and very large.

Restaurant, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
Built 182 m², Terrace 10 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Views : Mountain, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Bar, Restaurant On Site.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Open, Street, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment, Resale.
