This IMPRESSIVE property with 360 degree panoramic views. 

. Spacious Property
. Good Communication Links
. Possible BUSINESS opportunity
. TRADITIONAL Spanish Environment
. PRIVACY
. Large Storage Room of over 300m2

The main house entrance up the steps from the pool through the arches and covered porch area brings you to the entrance hall. From this room there is a staircase to the roof terrace and entrances to the 4 bedrooms 2 of which have air conditioning, lounge, bathroom and kitchen. The lounge has airconditioning and a woodburning fire. The property was built in 1996 to a very high standard and has been maintained immaculately.

Through the Kitchen is a door leading to the annexe. This was originally intended to be an apartment for the owners parents. As such it has no steps to it and is all on one level. It comprises of a kitchen, bathroom, laundry room and lounge dining area. It has under floor heating throughout. There is also a central music system with speakers in each room that can be individually controlled. 

The sub tropical garden to the south side of the property is partially laid to lawn and has a variety of fruit trees and palm trees around the perimeter. The pool has a separate area for children , with the shape of the pool being mirrored in the foot spa and shower areas.

From the roof terrace of this villa can be seen the Sierra de Las Nieves, the Sierra de Mijas and the Sierra Nevada. It is a 20 minute walk into the middle of Guaro which can also be seen lit up at night from the roof terrace.

Guaro is a modest white village, located on the edge of the Sierra de las Nieves natural park. Thanks to its elevated position, at over 350 metres above sea level, the village offers privileged views across the surrounding countryside.


The area is known for producing almonds and olives, which is an important part of the local economy. Guaro has it ́s own olive mill, where locals have their harvests pressed. It is the ideal spot for outdoor lovers, which also offers a few famous cultural activities like the Luna Mora festival in September. Like many white villages in Andalucia, the village dates back to the Arabic occupation of Spain. 


Guaro is located 55 minutes (50 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are only a 35 minute (24 km.) drive away!