Amazing Villa.....La Capellania - Stunning large villa perfect for a retirement home, guest house or large family home.......take a look....with sea views....

A fabulous, unique and spacious property, with innumerable features. A fantastic property over 900m2 built on a plot of 3.800 m2 situated in one of the most prestigious developments in Benalmadena. 

The house is constructed on 2 levels, the main entrance is on the upper level of the property and this is where you have the main living area, it consists of 5 bedrooms all with ensuite bathroom and built in wardrobes, 2 of the bedrooms are of "loft" style with very high beamed ceilings. The living room is very spacious and airy due it its high beamed ceiling,  there is a study, a dining room and an independent kitchen, all the rooms at the front of the property have stunning views of the coastline and the Mediterranean, all have direct access to the large terrace that runs along the whole front of the property, from the terrace stairs lead down to the beautiful garden and swimming pool.

On the inside of the property a wide marble staircase leads down to the lower level of the property, the options for this level are endless, the current owner has an art gallery set up in one of the larger rooms, there is a bar with adjoining winery, another large room that is used as a study, complete bathroom, direct access to the large garage with ample parking space for up to 4 cars. Along the front there is a large covered terrace with plenty of shade that leads straight out to the garden and pool. Also on this level at one end of the property there is and independent 1 bedroom apartment with small living area, kitchenette and bathroom, and on the other side of the property an independent double bedroom with ensuite bathroom.......Let us show you around........

The property is constructed on 4 plots, there is ample outdoor parking space and a large grassed are at the rear of the property with a selection of fruit trees, it also has solar panels, bolier and heat pumps.

 The villa has many special features and a unique space. Viewings are a must to appreciate all the magnificent qualities of this property.....
