Palatial villa located at the top of Paraiso Alto (Benahavis) and offering unbeatable panoramic views across the local countryside, golf course, mountain range and across to the Mediterranean. Its imposing position guarantees that its views will stand the test of time and its privacy be maintained.

In its current condition, the interior style of this small palace is classical and majestic. The current owners built the property to suit their family's needs with much care and attention to detail following stringent German building methods and furnishing it with ornate and high-quality luxurious furniture, fixtures and fittings.

As soon as you enter the double height entrance hall, you begin to sense the timeless appeal of the interior. Ornate iron balustrades and traditional furniture welcome you into this extraordinarily elegant property and hint at the opulence you will find in its spacious reception rooms. Perfect for entertaining, the ground floor is divided into different areas which flow one into the other. The formal living room, dining room and television salon have large patio doors letting in much natural light and access to the wide covered terrace and south facing garden. Also on this floor you will find a fully fitted kitchen with breakfast area, office, ensuite guest bedroom, cloakroom, and utility room. There is also a second more casual dining room which, if not required as a dining room, would make a perfect library, study, card room, sewing or art room.

Upstairs the three ensuite bedrooms are all enormous – each with a seating area, ensuite bathroom and two with dressing areas and all with access to terraces. If more bedrooms are required, there is ample square meterage on this floor to reconfigure the existing bedrooms and make more to suit a modern family's requirements. 

In the basement there is an apartment with independent access which is currently set up to accommodate a housekeeper but this could be made into another guest suite. There is also a garage for up to three cars, laundry room, wine cellar and machinery room.
There is lift access in the villa between the three floors, ideal for those with mobility issues. As well as a fireplace in the formal living room, the house is heated and cooled by air conditioning and underfloor heating. 

Throughout the villa, high ceilings and large windows ensure plenty of natural light and draw the eye out to the stunning views of the gardens and Mediterranean. Its various reception spaces both inside and out are perfect for entertaining or finding a quiet spot to relax.  

In terms of location, there are several golf courses in the very near vicinity, the closest being El Paraiso Golf. Shops and restaurants are within an easy 10 minute drive and the local towns of San Pedro de Alcantara, Estepona, Benahavis, Puerto Banus and Marbella are all easy to reach by car.

Visits to this stunning villa are strictly by prior appointment so please contact us to arrange a viewing.