Luxurious Beach Front Villa  Often referred to as the most luxurious Villas on Spain´s Costa del Sol, the Villa is truly a jewel nestled in the heart of paradise. Enjoying 180 degree ocean views this 2,250 sqm built home sits ideally amongst 7,000 sqm of beautifully landscaped gardens. Conveniently situated just off the main N.340 motorway to Malaga,  it was designed with practicality, peace and privacy in mind. The large gardens offer many quiet areas where you can sit back, relax and enjoy the sounds of the Mediterranean Sea gently lapping against the 2 km of shore line and direct beach access that the Villa enjoys. In the past the Villa and its team of staff have had the pleasure of welcoming Royalty, Presidents,Billionaires, Sheiks and Superstars. Some of whom return year after year and others that tell us that they will "treasure the memories of their stay at the villa forever". Even the world famous "One Direction" gave their début performance here in the X factor "judges homes" screening.  All bedrooms are en Suite and enjoy fantastic sea views towards AfricaHuge villa on the Costa del Sol. Perfect for family reunions, holidays or corporate venues. The villa is designed in two wings. The central kitchen, cinema area and indoor pool being at the centre. The West Wing has four double bedrooms and the use of all the facilities. The East wing has six double bedrooms.. Sheltered between two spectacular bays, with commanding views across the Mediterranean to mysterious Africa it is an oasis of luxury and exclusivity. Here you will experience dazzling views from private terraces and secret gardens. Take pleasure in your own cinema, library, health spa, and game rooms. Escape to lavishly appointed suites.. 









The villa has :

2 reception halls, 2 sitting rooms, 1 drawing room, bar, study, dining room, dedicated cinema, 1 family kitchen, 1 main kitchen, numerous storerooms, laundry room, indoor pool and spa, 2 turkish baths, 2 saunas, jacuzzi, hairdressing salon, 2 massage / treatment rooms, lift and service lift, butlers pantry, walk-in cold room, 10 well-appointed bedrooms each with en-suite bathroom and secluded individual terraces facing the ocean, 6 further guest bathrooms