Charming 5 bed  villa situated in the heart of  the Luxurious Puerto Banús area, close to the Casino and all amenities
Long Term- from September

Property:

High quality built villa with outstanding views from 1st floor looking out to the sea, Morocco and Gibraltar. walking distance to Puerto Banús ( only 600 metres ) amenities, restaurants, bars and beaches.
The layout is entrance hall, living area and dining with direct access to the seawater pool with a chill-out and Balinese sun beds ideal for lounging or hosting pool parties. 
To the right you have the spacious kitchen with a large dining table with 8 seats, one bedroom and guest toilet and in front you can find 2 large double rooms and one bathroom.
Upstairs offers 3 bedrooms, one of them master bedroom with an en-suite and relaxing Jacuzzi. All bedrooms have direct access to a spacious sunny terrace overlooking the sea, Gibraltar and Africa.
Down in the Basement you will find a  wine cellar and a room for meeting friends and to relax with access to the terrace, and another bedroom,barbecue and outdoor Jacuzzi.
Private garage and additional parking space.

Features:

    Maximum 12 persons
    ADSL connection
    Air Conditioning
    Alarm System
    Automatic watering
    BBQ
    Covered parking ( 2 big cars) + 2 parking place
    Dishwasher
    Satellite  TV
    Jacuzzi
    Microwave
    3 Fireplace
    Private garden
    Private swimming pool with seawater
    Storage
    Tumble Dryer
    Washing Machine
    Wireless Internet

Available only for July and August.
LOCATION:

Nueva Andalucia is a well thought out and attractive area just west of Marbella where, as its name suggests, the villas and apartments are based on traditional Andalusian architecture and design.
The bullring on the right marks the entrance to Nueva Andalucia, while the road climbs towards the mountains affording magnificent views of the coast. On a clear day, you can even see North Africa off in the distance. Sports enthusiasts can find plenty on offer here with tennis, paddle tennis and a gymnasium. For golfers in particular, the area could not be more ideal. There are several magnificent courses within virtual putting distance, including Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha Golf and La Dama de Noche, which is floodlit for night time play. All the Nueva Andalucia golf courses are surrounded by stunning scenery with a backdrop of mountains.
Nueva Andalucía is also fast becoming known for its international cuisine which ranges from a down home American deli to the ultimate in cordon bleu. It also boasts one of the most popular commercial centres in the area, Centro Plaza comprising quality shops, restaurants, bars and offices, as well as a supermarket, gymnasium and beauty parlour. In other words, this thriving commercial centre has everything that the consumer might want – from taking care of the weekly shop, to buying unusual and exquisite gifts, including carpets, antiques, luxury toiletries and, not surprisingly perhaps, everything you may need for the golfer in the family. There is also an excellent street market ("rastro") held next to the bullring here every Saturday morning.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

Puerto Banus - 2KM

San Pedro - 3 KM

Marbella - 10 KM

Estepona - 10 KM

Benahavis Village - 20 KM

Ronda - 60 KM

Gibraltar - 60 KM

Granada - 200 KM


Detached Villa, Puerto Banús, Costa del Sol.
6 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 600 m², Terrace 50 m², Garden/Plot 1080 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Marina.
Orientation : South East, South, South West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Central Heating, Fireplace.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Holiday Homes.
