An exclusive listing,
If you are looking for the perfect location for an investment home or perfect family home as the commuting distance to the airport is within 30 minutes,
A stunning residence villa on a double plot of 1.300 m2 situated in a prestigious urbanisation enjoying panoramic views over the mountains and Mediterranean Sea, while offering total privacy. An impressive main entrance with a security camera, the plot is easily maintained surrounded by beautiful land gardens with a very good size pool with lovely plants and trees which is on a full integration system. The house has a French Colonial design where there is a covered terrace with an outside bar. Throughout the property the details and furnishings are of a very high standard. The exterior areas are as much of a delight with an extensive covered terrace for hosting special occasions.

The entrance is very spacious.  On the ground level there is a guest toilet and one bedroom which is currently being used as an office, a fully fitted kitchen, open plan dining area and lounge.   There is a lovely stairs case with a fantastic large stain glass widow giving the villa plenty of natural light, which takes you to the upper level were there are 3 bedrooms.  The master has en-suite bathroom with a terrace and views over to the Mediterranean. The second bedroom is a double room with a terrace.  All the bedrooms are of generous size giving a spacious feel. It is a quality residence that is an experience from the moment you walk through the door.



Detached Villa, Mijas Buena Vista, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 370 m², Garden/Plot 1350 m².

Setting : Town, Country, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Private.
Climate Control : Hot A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain.
Features : Covered Terrace, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment.
