Detached villa in a privileged location on the Costa del Sol: Estepona's New Golden Mile. This property takes full advantage of the exceptional light and climate of the area.

The villa offers ample spaces both indoors and outdoors. It has multiple terraces, a swimming pool and an extensive garden, as well as a 500 m² orchard with fruit trees. These outdoor spaces provide a peaceful and pleasant atmosphere.

The property's location in one of the most outstanding areas of Estepona is another of its attractions. With convenient access to the N320 and close proximity to essential amenities such as supermarkets, petrol station and cafes, this villa is ideal for those looking for comfort and convenience. Furthermore, the beach is only 1 kilometre away.

This villa offers the opportunity to customize it according to your preferences, making it an excellent investment. In addition, it has a new reduced price that makes it even more attractive both as a family home and as an investment with high profitability.

The property sits on a plot of land consisting of three joined plots, with a total area of 1500 m². From here, you can enjoy sea views.

In terms of location, the villa is only 12 km from Puerto Banús and 5 km from the centre of Estepona.

The villa itself has 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and a constructed area of 300 m². The garden/plot of 1500 m² offers privacy and ample outdoor space.

Don't miss the opportunity to acquire this villa in the New Golden Mile, Costa del Sol. This property represents an excellent investment in a privileged location.

Detached Villa, New Golden Mile, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 300 m², Garden/Plot 1500 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : East, South.
Condition : Renovation Required, Restoration Required.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Country, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Parking : Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Cheap, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
