Many ORIGINAL Features

. Beautiful tiling
. Loads of OUTDOOR space
. Needs little modernisation
. Spacious Property
. Close to many TAPAS Bars
. Traditional SPANISH village

In Andalusia, the facade remains silent about what you can find inside it. The door to this house definitely does not give away what a solid and large house you are walking into to. 
Solid as a rock, this house of a traditional Andalusian family is ideal for the long hot summers: everything is centered around a patio that allows you to live outside without leaving the house, while fully protecting your privacy and tranquility. 
Two roof top terraces make your feel of space complete. 

The house is right at the end of the village. Your front door is in the village, and the countryside starts at the back of the house. 
So from one terrace you have views over the village, and from a second terrace you look into 'campo'. 
This also means that you can walk into the countryside in a matter of minutes, as well as the house is easy to get to by car. 

Right now there are 4 bedrooms, an open kitchen, a small lounge, as well as a lovely extra lounge area - with chimney - on the 3rd floor. 
This latter room is a great place to start your life in this castle like house, while you renovate the house up to your taste or to the standards of 2016.

Guaro is a modest white village, located on the edge of the Sierra de las Nieves natural park. Thanks to its elevated position, at over 350 metres above sea level, the village offers privileged views across the surrounding countryside.


The area is known for producing almonds and olives, which is an important part of the local economy. Guaro has it ́s own olive mill, where locals have their harvests pressed. It is the ideal spot for outdoor lovers, which also offers a few famous cultural activities like the Luna Mora festival in September. Like many white villages in Andalucia, the village dates back to the Arabic occupation of Spain. 


Guaro is located 55 minutes (50 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are only a 35 minute (24 km.) drive away!