Spectacular, fully reformed and highly appointed Finca atop the Serrania de Ronda. The expansive land is well defined with areas of crop production as well as a large, multi-use, agricultural building and an animal breeding/ rearing area. The property also benefits from ten hectares of vineyards and two independent guest houses..

The Finca is distributed as follows:
Main house:
Ground floor: Entrance hall, office, large kitchen with fireplace and wood oven, two living rooms, both with fireplaces, large dining area and one bathroom. There are two interior courtyards.
First floor: Four large bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and fireplaces, three full bathrooms, of which two are ensuite.
Exterior: Large garden area with pool, porches, barbecue area, covered garage and parking area. There is also a tennis court.
1st Guest House:
Entrance hall, living room, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and one bathroom. Garage and basement.
2nd Guest House:
Entrance hall, living room, fitted kitchen and three bedrooms and one bathroom.

The land at the Finca consists of ten hectares of vineyards, productive areas for the cultivation of crops and 1,000m2 for the breeding and rearing of livestock. The Finca benefits from numerous wells, delivering mineral water from the Serrania. There are associated water deposits throughout the Finca for the storage and provision of water to livestock/ crops etc. There is a large agricultural building as well as numerous animal pens for the containment of livestock.

The main house is in excellent condition with hot water by thermodynamic solar panels, heating by independent radiators, the heating of which is provided by a solid fuel and oil fired boiler. The dwelling also benefits from climalit double glazed windows throughout.

Plot: 3.370.000m2 (Crops 970.000m2) Built: 735.80 more Porch: 171m2. Garage: 62m2. Corrales 5.700m2. Agricultural Ship: 1.083m2.
IBI: 2.187,67€ per year.
Built year: 1980.

Distances:
Amenities: 8,3km.
Ronda center: 13,6km.
Malaga Airport: 103km.
Gibraltar Airport: 125km.