An exclusive resort on the beach and along the Mediterranean in the heart of the Costa del Sol on the promenade in San Pedro Alcántara.


Property:
Luxury penthouse duplex 3 bedroom front line beach apartment consisting of a large living and dining room,and a large terrace with beautiful sea views fully fitted kitchen and 3 bedrooms one en-suite bathroom, The entrance hall leads to an ample living/dining room with access to a large terrace south oriented with views over the swimming pool, garden and the sea. The American style kitchen is completely equipped. The master bedroom has en-suite bathroom with bathtub and walk in shower. The other two bedrooms share a bathroom. Marble floor throughout. There are two parking spaces in the garage and a storage room. Fiber optic and international TV channels are also provided in this superb holiday accomodation.

Complex:
Casablanca Beach is a front line beach luxury development situated on the promenade in San Pedro Alcantara. Within walking distance to San Pedro town and Puerto Banus and consisting of 61, 2 or 3 bedroom apartments and penthouses all with large terraces and sea views. Built to a very high standard with all apartments different in some way but all have large living areas and terraces. The apartments are surrounded by landscaped and tropical gardens with a large swimming pool and direct access to the beach. Very close to schools, shops and restaurants and security 24H.

Area:
San Pedro Alcantara has a perfect location, just 10 kilometres west from the glitz and glamour of Marbella. Just a few minutes drive from the natural beauty of the Sierra de Ronda mountain range and 20 km from the town of Estepona. An ancient farming community, once famous for sugar cane, today San Pedro Alcantara is a refreshingly unspoilt pueblo with an appeal all of its own. You will find the central plaza with its gracious parish church and surrounding narrow streets which are packed with intriguing small shops, sidewalk cafes and bars. Ones a week is street market day with all the associated hustle and bustle, a veritable bargain shopper's paradise. From the center of the town you can walk to the beachfront along the Avenida del Marques del Duero which is a particularly attractive wide avenue flanked by palm trees. The modern wide promenade has several excellent beachside restaurants specialising in fish dishes.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

Puerto Banus - 3 KM

Marbella - 10 KM

Estepona - 10 KM

Benahavis Village - 20 KM

Malaga Airport - 60KM

Ronda - 60 KM

Gibraltar - 60 KM

Granada - 200 KM



SUMMARY:

Penthouse, San Pedro de Alcántara, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 153 m², Terrace 134 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Beach, Panoramic, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Beachfront, Holiday Homes, Luxury.
