Luxury 6 bedroom 6 Bathroom spacious villa located in lower Hacienda Las Chapas. The original villa has been reformed / modernized to a very high specification and includes gas central heating, modern kitchen, salt pool, high quality windows with bi folding patio doors. The plot enjoys sea views even from the garden level. The property also features private parking, garden front and back, Video Entry, BBQ area and exterior shower. Ground Level - Spacious Open Plan Lounge with 2 seating areas and Dining area, modern fitted kitchen with dining area and access to the rear garden area, separate utility room, 3 double bedrooms, 3 bathrooms + additional wing currently used as a games room with ensuite and a new additional bedroom for a live in maid. A large modern design pergola has been constructed at the front of the property providing a shady retreat to dine al fresco or just relax in the sitting area. Upper Level - Very spacious master suite with sleeping and seating areas, walk in wardrobe and ensuite bathroom and a brand new large upper terrace to enjoy the relaxing sea views from the wonderful property. Also on this level is an additional large double bathroom with bathroom. Hacienda Las Chapas is a beautiful tree lined residential villa area just 2 mins from the popular port of Cabopino and its wonderful beaches, 3 minutes to Elviria and approx 10 mins to Marbella centre and a few more to the famous Puerto Banus.

Detached Villa, Hacienda Las Chapas, Costa del Sol.
6 Bedrooms, 6 Bathrooms, Built 395 m², Garden/Plot 1200 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Central Heating.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Games Room, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Gas.
Category : Holiday Homes, Luxury, Resale.
