Fantastically Elegant Finca Between Archidona and Villanueva de Tapia, which is Totally Fenced/ Walled. The Finca and Dwelling Feature Total Privacy, and Yet is Only Four minutes from the Motorway and Equidistant between Malaga and Granada Airports..

The main dwelling has been reformed with style and taste to provide excellent living accommodation for a large family, or for guests. The Finca could also function as a very upmarket Boutique Hotel.
The decor and design reflect the international influences of the owners, who have sympathetically included features not normally found in Andalusian Fincas.

The main dwelling features delightful tiled terraces with exterior lighting to the front elevation where you will find double doors providing access to the elegant entrance.
A central, high ceilinged, hallway distributes to a very large, fully fitted, quality kitchen with dining area and table for ten, which has direct access to the rear terraces and a bodega beneath the stairs.
At the rear of the kitchen with external access is the utility/ laundry room.
To the right is the main living room which is spacious and light and features the fireplace and TV area, as well as other areas for reading and relaxing.
An Islamic archway leads to the reading room with library to the rear and this room also features direct access to the rear terraces.

The hallway also distributes to the large fully equipped bathroom for this level and a spacious hat and coat storage under the stairs.
An elegant staircase rises to a large landing with a seating area that distributes the bedrooms and two bathrooms.
Each of the five bedrooms in the main house are individually decorated and have built in wardrobes and storage. The principal bedroom has a delightful bathroom en suite as well as amazing views from the large feature windows.
The remaining four bedrooms are served by the two large bathrooms on this level.

Accessible externally, there is a two bedroomed guest cottage on one level, which is currently utilised for live-in staff.
In addition to the two bedrooms there is a fitted kitchen, bathroom and ample lounge area. The cottage has its own terrace area, separate from the main house´s terraces.

Externally, the Finca does not disappoint with large terrace areas, many shaded by mature trees, providing a very Mediterranean feel.
There are formal gardens surrounding the house and in addition, a road access with roundabouts and lighting around the Finca.
There is a spacious garage with automatic doors attached to the house.
The saltwater pool, sits in very natural surroundings and blends delightfully with the landscape and designed gardens.
Overall, the gardens feel very considered and well laid out.

There is also a genuine farm element to the Finca with facilities for up to twenty five horses.
Additionally there is a very large farm building which could be utilised for any type of livestock, with several fenced and walled areas externally for the separation of horses or other animals. There is also a horse lunging area.

On the plot there is a water well (with ample water for irrigation).
The Finca sits well in the landscape and there are many wild animals inhabiting the area, such as rabbits.

Overall the Finca is very well placed with all amenities available within six kilometres and both Granada and Malaga airports within seventy kilometres.

Plot 25.000m2. Total built size 4.050m2 (Properly built 1.200m2 more 2.850m2 courtyards).
Fully renovated in 1995.

Distances:
Archidona 10km.
Malaga airport 67km.
Granada airport 59km.