Situated frontline golf in the highly desirable area of Guadalmina Alta lies what is possible the only Art Deco apartment in the whole of Andalucia. This utterly stunning duplex penthouse is located in small quiet complex of apartments away from any road noise and yet just a short distance away from the town of San Pedro and the many restaurants and amenities of Guadalmina. Upon entering the property you immediately get a sense of space and opulence, due to both the distribution and the incredible decor and furnishings throughout the penthouse.  On the main level you have an enormous living room with a separate dining area off to the left and a further sitting area off the living room to the right which over looks the Guadalmina golf course. The exquisite furnishings and decor are unique Art Deco pieces from around the world, many of which have great provenance and have come from America via auction houses in Paris, London and Rome. The thought and attention to detail that has gone into this Art Deco property is absolutely outstanding and must been seen first hand to be able to truly appreciate in its entirety. As you would expect, the fully fitted kitchen is in keeping with the rest of the house in terms of both quality and design, and that continues of course through into both the large master suite and the second bedroom with it own adjoining bathroom.  A staircase leads from the dining area up to an exquisitely designed conservatory/ bedroom suite with jacuzzi, which again enjoys the amazing views out over the golf course. This in turn leads out onto 65m2 solarium with a Jacuzzi, again all this conforming with the elegant Art Deco style.
This property offers many further possibilities, including creating a totally separate apartment on the upper level as it already has its own private entrance. The property comes with underground parking and a storage room.  The owner is keen to sell and has reduced the price from 895,000€ to its current price of 680.000€ in order to achieve a quick sale. 


