Recent reduction to 599.000€ for a fast sale!!

We are proud to present this wonderful, exquisitely renovated and maintained Country House with the benefit of an independent guest house. The property is located on a small hill providing panoramic views and is also very conveniently located in relation to its proximity to Malaga, airport, beaches and golf courses. Inland there are the Guadalhorce Lakes and the El Chorro Gorge, with the King&#039;&#039;s Walkway, within a 30 minute drive.

The impressive, open plan and high-ceilinged main house is distributed over two floors as follows:
Ground floor: The dwelling is accessed through an elegant covered terrace area, into a very large entrance hall, part of which is currently in use as an informal office. There is a large, open plan living room with a feature fireplace; the space is currently subdivided into a lounge area with designated television and piano areas. There is a separate dining room next to the fully equipped and spacious kitchen which also provides direct access to the front patio, where there is a pergola with dining table beneath. The kitchen offers direct access to the rear terrace where there is a designated laundry room, pantry and barbecue area. Both front and rear terraces are expansive and lend themselves well to al fresco dining and entertaining.
Upstairs: A large landing distributes four large bedrooms, all with fitted wardrobes and three with air conditioning, there are three bathrooms on this level, two of which are ensuite. Uniquely, this floor has direct access to the pool area and surrounding terraces via a delightful raised walkway, which also has a staircase to it from the lower rear terrace.

The Guest house: This delightful independent dwelling features a wonderfully private, South facing, sunny terrace with ample space for the dining table and with panoramic views. The living area has an equipped American style kitchen, open to the lounge area. There is a generous double bedroom with an en suite bathroom. This independent property is in perfect condition with both fitted wardrobes and air conditioning in the living room and bedroom.

Exterior: There is an elegant gated entrance to the pressed concrete driveway with a carport for one car and ample additional parking. Features of this property are the large sunny terraces and patios, allowing you to chase the sun or the shade as the day goes by. There is a beautiful pool, surrounded by terraces with 100% privacy and tranquility and with breathtaking panoramic views.

It is hard to find a property in such excellent condition, open plan and airy, with beautifully created and maintained gardens featuring automatic irrigation. There is water from the Town Hall and very good access by road to the property.

Plot 3,878.35m2. Total built size 342,76m2.
Year of construction 1977. (Reformed 2002).

Distances:
Supermarket 3.5km
Train station in Pizarra 6.2
Malaga Airport 30km.
Pizarra 6km. Alora 13.5km Cartama 14km.
Coin 17km. Alhaurín el Grande 20km.
Marbella 42km. Fuengirola 45km.