NEW LUXURY MODERN VILLA IN MARBELLA - Spectacular modern luxury villa, newly built, in a privileged location in Marbella, in the heart of the Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia with views to the golf course. The House will be built in 3 levels and has 4 bedrooms, but with the possibility of a fifth bedroom. In the ground floor is the entrance hall that leads to the spacious living room which leads to a fantastic independent with double-height dining room, and to the fully equipped open plan kitchen. All the rooms in this level have large windows and access to the terrace and pool. In the first floor there is a magnificent master bedroom en-suite with bath, large dressing room and private terrace from where you can appreciate the views over the golf course of and La conche mountains. On the other side of this level there are 2 other bedrooms also en-suite, both with walk-in closet and terrace. In the basement there is a garage with capacity for 3 large cars, a large bedroom en-suite with natural light and exit to the garden/patio, a large storage room of more than 80m2 ideal for gym, game-room or cinema-room. The high standard qualities will make this house a true luxury. With an elevator that connects the 3 levels, wooden floors in bedrooms, fully equipped kitchen with appliances Neff, underfloor heating throughout, fireplace, air conditioning heat and cold, heated pool, electric blinds in bedrooms, safety glazing, alarm, smoke amd water detectors, home automation system. To all these charming details of the house itself, you must add the advantage of living in a residential area but only minutes away from all amenities.

Detached Villa, Nueva Andalucía, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 849 m², Terrace 527 m², Garden/Plot 1500 m².
Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Mountain, Golf, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, Games Room, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing, Domotics, Basement.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone.
Parking : Garage, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury.
