This impressive detached villa on a large private plot offers spacious accommodation with stunning views of the Mediterranean.
Just a short walk to the beaches and a 5 minute drive to the town of Sabinillas and the marina of la Duquesa.
Offering 5 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms, this spacious property is idea for large family holidays, rentals or as a fantastic residential home.
The outside spaces are a delight with heated pool, Jacuzzi and large covered BBQ area.
The terraces give the opportunity of all day sun for sun worshipers!
Viewing highly recommended.

The owner rents the villa out in the Summer season with an anticipated income profit in excess of 35,000 Euros, making this an extremely interesting prospect for buyers looking for an investment opportunity.

LOCATION:
Estepona is a town and municipality in the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. Estepona is renowned for its beaches and has a coastline of 21 km. Estepona is a popular resort and municipality has about 60,000 inhabitants. Estepona is a famous place to vacation and is very popular in high season is from June to September. Estepona has breathtaking surroundings as the sea and Sierra Bermeja mountains. In addition, Estepona a micro climate with over 325 sunny days a year.
About 15 minutes away by car you will find Puerto José Banús which is a marina in Marbella, on the Costa del Sol in southern Spain. The marina was built by local businessman and property developer Jose Banús and opened in May 1970. Place is known for its luxurious feeling, with expensive boutiques and frequent touches of large yachts belonging to some of the world's richest. This is a great location with shops, beach clubs, restaurants and a vibrant nightlife.
About 20 minutes away by car is the town of Marbella and there are a plethora of restaurants, bars and discos. Marbella jet setens mecca on the Costa del Sol where 117 square kilometers are both celebrities and tourists alike John Smith and Saudi Arabian princes and there stately villas and groomed golf courses form a major part of the beautiful landscape. But besides the exclusive boutiques and extravagant life Marbella has succeeded in retaining its Andalucian charm. Small towns, sea and history also attracts those seeking a holiday just to relax. Marbella beaches are easily reached by car, but it goes equally well with bus and Marbella is about 45 minutes drive from Malaga airport.
Searching Spa & Wellness close to the townhouse complex.:
The complex is the closest neighbor to a popular hotel in Estepona which also offer a spa which can be used. For children, the hotel has a large arcade with many types of games.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

San Pedro Alcantara - 18 KM (20 min by car)

Puerto Banus - 20 KM (25 min by car)

Marbella - 30 KM (35 min by car)

Malaga Airport - 80 KM (55 minutes by car)

La Duquesa - 12 KM

Sotogrande - 25 KM

Gibraltar - 50 KM

Malaga City - 85 KM

Seville - 225 KM

Granada - 210 KM

Portugal - 360 KM 

