exclusive for sale a plot with 4 homes built, two swimming pools, large parking areas and sea views.
The plot is a good product for a family who want to live several components in their own house but very close. It is also a good product to live in one of the houses and rent the rest since the bigger and new home is totally independent of the others.
The area is very quiet, a few minutes from the town, great views. Ideal for people who want tranquility, plant your garden, etc.
Plot area: 5000 meters
IBI (plot with housing): 3141 euros without a bonus, 2670 euros with a bonus
Garbage fee: 232 euros.
Without community
Partially walled and fenced in the rest of its perimeter.
Good 4G internet coverage
Light with the company Endesa
Irrigation community water (one contract for housing 1 and 4 and another contract for housing 2 and 3)

Housing 1
Year of construction: 2002
Surface: 198 square meters built distributed in living room, kitchen, laundry room, a bathroom, three bedrooms and a dressing room. It has an entrance porch 8 meters. A loft of 66 square meters included in the total meters.
Wooden windows with double glazing, armored door and air conditioning
Exclusive use pool of 15 meters long and 3 wide.
Parking space for several vehicles.
This house is completely independent from the rest of the houses on the plot with its own entrance door with remote control.
It is legalized, it consists of a simple note.

House 2
Year of construction: 1995
Surface: 125 square meters on one floor that are distributed to living room, kitchen, pantry, bathroom, three bedrooms, storage room and a porch of 29 square meters. You also have access to the solarium by an external staircase from where you have great views.
Pool 8 meters long by 4 wide.
It is legalized, it consists of a simple note

House 3
Wooden cabin of 88 square meters distributed in living room, kitchen, bathroom and four bedrooms. It has air conditioner.
Externally it is observed as if it were a shed and it is as it consists in a simple note.

House 4
House of 60 meters distributed in large living room, large kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. It also has a porch of 30 square meters.
It is built on part of a paddle court that is registered in the cadastre as a sports area of ​​199 meters.