The area is characterized by its tranquility and good views over the sea and the Bay of Fuengirola.

The distances to the population centers and main centers of attraction of the Coast are small and that contributes to qualify as privileged the place in which this beautiful Finca is located. The plot is 5,447 m2, of which the total built area is 355 m2 and the total area for Porches, Terraces etc., is approximately 365 m2. The "Lodge" by the Pool, the Barbecue Patio, the Porch, the Corners of the Mill and the Cliff, the Entrance Courtyard, the Corner of the Fountain, allow the creation of separate environments. The architectural aspect of the whole property is that of a small Cortijo Andaluz and distinguishes it from any other building in the area and places it as one of the most individual houses on the coast, highlighting its originality and uniqueness.

Distributed on 3 levels, the house has its entrance through the middle level, through a wooden gate. Then we see an attractive Patio and the Porch. Wooden canes and two cast iron columns (18th and 19th centuries) protect the main door that is from the beginning of the 20th century, with Sevillian design, made of noble wood, with two leaves and shutters. The Vestibule is framed by a wooden and wrought iron gate that gives a view to the Garden. On the right you have access to a large kitchen-dining room with a glassed-in balcony overlooking the garden and the sea; to the left a staircase leads to the lower level where there is the living room with a library in Entreplanta, all wooden, a Bar-Oficio and a corridor leading to the master bedroom, bathroom and an adjoining room that communicates with the cellar. The upper level is accessed by a staircase from the Lobby. On this level we find 1 bathroom and 2 bedrooms, one with the Balcony of the Tower and the other with an exterior window in wood with wrought iron fence.
The main house has 2 annexes. One is service quarters and water deposit located in the vegetable garden, which functions as a service or guest apartment, with kitchenette, bathroom and laundry room. There is also a covered area for the drying area and the machine room of the pool. This Annex has its access through the Barbecue Patio that separates it from the main house. The other annex, has 2 floors. On the upper floor is the garage, for two vehicles; It has two automatic doors, access to the entrance patio and the hot water tank (installation of solar panels) with decalcifier. On the ground floor there is a porch with arches, a toilet, storage area for garden furniture and a small tool room. 
The current Urban qualification of the land would permit the construction of up to 1600m2 in total of detached villas with a minimum plot size of 1000m2. If the property is developed in a rational way, there would be the possibility of building three new houses, of the same characteristics as the existing one. The idea of ​​"Charming Hotel" could also be developed, creating bungalows scattered around the plot, keeping the current Casa-Cortijo as the Main Building. It could be developed as a "Health Clinic" or as a Geriatric Center. It is sold fully furnished and equipped, ready to move into!!