Penthouse apartment on the waterfront, with its own swimming pool on the roof offering panoramic views. All floors are natural stone  (marble green India, granite green olive) all woodwork in light oak, the walls are adorned with wallpaper, Jacuzzi and hydro massage cabin in 3 bathrooms, huge kitchen with appliances in titanium and oak woodwork, video intercom, air conditioning independent hidden under plaster ceilings (hot / cold), a large living room with fireplace, an office (or bedroom), 3 large bedrooms, a dining room attached to the kitchen but separated by an oak arch, a corridor that connects all living rooms, office, and guest cloakroom, all bedrooms and living room have spectacular sea views and mountain views and separate from terrace with triple protection (+sound/light protection) automatic-blinds, aluminum sliding doors with double glass and oak doors with sheets of glass). On the other hand, there is the upstairs connected by a stairway in which there is a laundry and a spacious master bedroom with bathroom en-suite with access to the huge roof terrace with stunning views, swimming-pool and GYM. It includes parking and a storeroom. The community has a cleaner, two elevators, community pool on the roof, two garage floors connected by an elevator, leaving the portal there is a supermarket in the same building and a restaurant, the beach is across the street... A penthouse to enjoy the Mediterranean Sea in the heart of the Costa del Sol

Penthouse, Fuengirola, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 220 m², Terrace 187 m², Garden/Plot 407 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Town, Beachside, Port, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Marina, Close To Marina, Urbanisation, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : South East, South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Beach, Port, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Beachfront, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Reduced, Resale.
