The Heights of La Resina Golf is "Taking Luxury Living to New Heights". Relaxation starts from the moment you arrive home. Formed from the core elements of wood, glass and trees, your very own light and spacious zen garden welcomes you to your own tranquil haven. The breathtaking natural environment comes together with the elegance of contemporary architecture and décor, achieving the perfect balance between design, comfort and respect for nature and its surroundings. The Heights offers light airy interiors throughout all their homes. Each villa has been designed to flow seamlessly throughout their open plan living space, with floor to ceiling windows to blend the outside living spaces into your interior. Natural light will flood every corner of your home with the creative use of glass walls and room dividers. Every unique detail has been designed to make your home a piece of art. Design of every villa has been meticulously planned to provide the comfort required of today's modern living, the entertainment demanded of a leisure home on the Costa del Sol and the reliability and quality expected in the luxury property segment. We have combined all of those elements to include, as an 
example, intelligent glass in the bathroom interior window and mood lighting. We know the importance of keeping your home and family 
secure. At The Heights you can be assured that your villa is safe from the moment you enter your private estate. With 24-hour security based at the entrance of La Resina, peaceof- mind is only a few moments from your door. Inside, your dream home is controlled with domotics throughout, enabling you to access the security cameras and many other different elements to make your home remotely controlled. As standard, Prosegur will pre-install an advanced alarm system which you can adapt further to suit your security requirements. La Resina Golf and Country Club: The Heights is set within the secure private grounds of the nine hole La Resina Golf and Country Club. From the moment you pass through the security arch you will enter into the family friendly country club. Plans are also underway to create a private La Resina Sanctuary with its own Padel and Tennis courts as well as a gymnasium and small commercial centre. Location: Situated just a mere 6 minute drive from the relaxing resort of Laguna Village, enjoy a day of shopping, dining, partying or just relaxing by the sea. Alternatively head to Puerto Banús where you can spend a day at La Sala by The Sea for the ultimate beach club experience, or browse the designer brands in the world famous marina.