Fabulous Huge Roof top terrace with panoramic views!! Bright & Spacious 2 bedroom Traditional Home! Centrally located in one of the most beautiful streets of the idyllic Village of Mijas, famous for it´s stunning views with hanging baskets & a variety of bars & restaurants with a stone´s throw yet in a quiet niche! Must be seen to be appreciated!

Stunning Traditional Andalusian Home, lovely & large with an impressive high vaulted ceiling in the lounge a delightful juliette balcony and charming shuttered windows, looking to the gorgeous authentic street. There are 2 large bedrooms, both separated on different wings of the property, giving privacy - one is an amazing size with mirrored wardrobes and window to the exterior. The other is a double with a luxury ensuite bathroom with a walk-in shower, w.c and basin.

The kitchen is fully fitted and ample in size, equipped with all electrical appliances - adjoining the living and dining area.

Guest bathroom with a walk-in shower, large L-shaped vanity unit , w.c - recently renovated, tastefully done to a high standard, 

This property is immaculate, beautifully cared for - traditional yet with a contemporary twist!!

The roof top terrace is awesome!! UNIQUE & SO VERY SPECIAL to have a private large solarium with these amazing views over this wonderful village and to the Mediterranean, where the blue of the sky meets the shimmering coastline!! Viewing is highly recommended! 

Mijas Pueblo or known locally as the white village sits in the foothills of the Mijas Mountains some 428m above sea level. The village provides some of the most stunning and breath-taking views of the surrounding areas down to the coast, inland and the rugged rocky landscape.
The village is not only very popular with tourists visiting for the day or vacationing in the village but with local residents from nearby towns and villages. The attraction of Mijas Pueblo is the authenticity the village provides of the Spanish way of life from the cobbled streets, white washed walls and array of artisan shops and boutiques to the many traditional festivals celebrated from the main plaza (square) sat centrally in the village.

