Impressive luxury brand new villa in Torrenueva. With quick and easy access from the motorway and 15 minutes walk from the beach.

If you are looking for a villa with a personal style or a property for invest, this is the best option.

His Arabic and Indonesian style makes it suitable for a small hotel or a luxury gym/spa. Since in La Cala de Mijas there is none and it is a very good option. It has other potentials to create different businesses.

This villa is divided into 3 floors. First, second and basement.

On the first floor there are two large and very bright living rooms. A quite spacious and furnished dining room, with access to the kitchen, which is brand new and completely new. Electrical appliances and furniture. It has access to the garden. On the same floor we also find a bedroom and a toilet. In the center of the house we can find a roof about 7 meters high, very decorated and with windows where a lot of light enters. 

On the second floor we have 1 bedroom with bathroom with whirlpool bath. And access to the terrace/solarium with sea views. We have another 2 bedrooms and 1 bathroom. Also with access to the terrace.

On the basement floor, we have 4 bedrooms and a bathroom, perfect for a guest apartment or guest house. A kitchen can be set up easily.  There is also the garage, with space for 3 cars. We can leave 2 more cars outside the garage.

Outside we have gardens and a swimming pool with privacy, as it is surrounded by trees and plants and we can enjoy our leisure hours without anyone bothering us.

The property is located in one of the best areas, is a quiet area and very well connected. It is close to the supermarkets and shops of Riviera del Sol. 

This villa has security glass, centralized air conditioning on each floor, to have control on the floor we want and not have all the airs on. They are installing fiber optics in the street.

Regarding the plaster of the ceilings/decoration, it can be painted white or removed (it is not wood). Just like the plaster on the windows. 

If you want to set up an exclusive or luxury business, we recommend a visit to the property.


Detached Villa, La Cala de Mijas, Costa del Sol.
7 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 458 m², Garden/Plot 800 m².

Setting : Suburban, Village, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East, South, South West.
Condition : Excellent, Good.
Pool : Private.
Views : Sea, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Games Room, Guest Apartment, Guest House, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing, Staff Accommodation, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished, Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Cheap, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Contemporary.
