Beautiful traditional Hacienda in the heart of the international polo area of Sotogrande. This beautifully looked after home, is located in a country estate with lots of privacy. The house is being sold with 13 hectors of land, with parts of the land designed and prepared to have horses such as paddock and training area. The land includes 5 stables for horses as well as a charming cottage that can be used for family or rented out including its own garden area and driveway. 

THE MAIN HACIENDA:

The main hacienda, has been kept in perfect condition, with many original features that remain all over the house. The main rooms are built around a beautiful courtyard that includes a lovely palm tree in the centre. This part of the house is built over two floors and all the rooms look out toward the gardens, land or terraces of the property. On the lower level of this part of the house you will find, a study, a first living room, a laundry, a first bedroom with a spacious ensuite bathroom and another bedroom with its own living area and bathroom. It also includes a dressing room with a separate lavatory and bathroom and access to the large garage that can hold 5 cars. The upper level you will find on the front of the house the master bedroom with its own spacious bathroom with both bath and shower area, and a spacious walk in wardrobe. The master bedroom also has a gym with a personal sauna.

Among many of the features of this beautiful home, this part of the hacienda include, the beautifully tiled stairs, the lovely stable doors, beautiful wooden beams throughout, the glass window access to the patio area and the separate access to the outside covered kitchen area. 

As well as this square courtyard and living area, there is also a second part to this beautiful house. The entry of this part is to the fully fitted kitchen with a separate store room. The kitchen has wooden beams that bring out the character of the house as well as wooden stairs to access the large entertainment room. Below this you will find a very spacious living room area that includes a beautiful fire place and multiple windows looking out onto a terrace area. This room also includes a separate exit towards the lovely big terrace area that includes beautiful flower beds. 

The house has a large amount of parking space at the front of the property, as well as the garage it includes also a car port and parking on the driveway. There is also a large amount of storage space in the barn area including 3 of the stables and a grooms room. At the back of the main property you will find a private garden which has its own exit onto the land. This also has a swimming pool and beautifully kept plants throughout. 

THE COTTAGE:

As well as the land, the property has a cottage not far from 2 other stables. This house has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a lovely living area with a fireplace and large kitchen area. This house has a lovely terrace and private garden area as well as a car port and a back garden. It can be used either for guest or rentals. 

The house is located near Sotogrande, with multiple world-renowned golf courses and right next to the international polo fields. It is located only 5 minutes from the beach and 5 minutes from Sotogrande Port. The property is in an excellent location being a 3 minute drive to Guadiaro and Sotogrande which includes lovely tapas restaurants as well as only a short drive away from Gibraltar. Thirty minutes from the exclusive ports of Marbella and Puerto Banus. Offering beautiful beaches and fine cuisine, this beautiful traditional hacienda  is a jewel of the Mediterranean.