A totally reformed substantial palatial Arabian styled villa which offers eight-bedroom suites which incorporate 2 self-contained suites. The villa has four-meter height impressive double entrance gates and an 81-meter long driveway with parking for numerous cars and is all situated on a huge 4,100 m2 flat plot in Guadalmina Baja and only 322 meters walking distance to a lovely beach and Dantonelas Beach Club. The villa offers good sized rooms throughout which includes the following accommodation, a formal lounge with feature fireplace and concealed plasma TV which is semi open plan to a further large sitting room which has views over the landscaped front garden, from the formal lounge you enter a fabulous formal dining room with table and sitting for 12 people which has very ornate wood and gold paneling to the walls and ceiling. A further traditional Arabic majlis formal lounge with fitted seating and feature central marble fountain with direct access to the large covered rear terrace and overlooking the impressive swimming pool, outside bar, BBQ and sitting areas. Brand new fully fitted L-shaped modern kitchen. There is a generously sized master bedroom suite with a walk-in fully fitted dressing area and fully tiled master ensuite-bathroom. Also, on the ground floor level in the main villa are three further bedroom suites and a maid's double bedroom/ laundry room off the kitchen. Outside you have one of the self contained apartments which is adjacent to the double garage. Above the garaging area is a very large two double bedroom formal guests apartment which has a fully fitted kitchen with the open plan lounge/dining room and large private upper terrace overlooking the private secluded rear garden and swimming pool area. The villa offers very ornate hand painted wall and ceiling panels in all the main living areas and exceptional handmade bespoke Italian designer furniture throughout. The villa is a one of a kind with stone walling on the exterior and in the traditional Majlis lounge. One has to view to fully appreciate all the fine internal features of this very spacious family home.