MOVE-IN Ready

. Set in a pueblo close to the NATIONAL Park
. TRADITIONAL Spanish Environment
. Garage
. Double Glazing
. Close to many TAPAS Bars

Come and visit the hills of Tolox to view this wonderful property on the outskirts of town, walking distance into the center. 

Aside from plenty of street parking, the property has a private garage, and entrance area that can only be accessed by the owners. The Andalusian green painted garage leads to extra space that could be used as a fourth bedroom and third bathroom. There is access here to the main house here via a spiral staircase.

As you stand in front of the property you will see paved steps leading up to front. There is an entrance hall followed by the kitchen and dining room separated by a wooden staircase. Double beautiful brick arches lead into the living room with central fireplace. Upstairs are three double bedrooms, all with fitted wardrobes. The master bedroom has it's own en-suite and there is a large family bathroom shared by the other two bedrooms. All the bedrooms have the added feature of double glazed skylights, a fantastic addition to these rooms. The roof terrace has wonderful views of the countryside and is accessed via a ladder that pulls down above the main staircase. 

This bright and charming property is your perfect holiday home. 

The charming white village of Tolox lies against the steep hills of the Sierra de las Nieves, at the end of a side road from the C-344 Málaga-Ronda. It offers beautiful views of the vast rolling countryside below and impressive high mountain peaks above. Tolox is quietly famous for its SPA-waters and one of the gateways to national park Sierra de las Nieves. 

The Tolox SPA (Fuente Amargosa Health Spa) attracts large numbers of pilgrims and SPA-visitors that stay in the area each year. The water is said to work wonders with respiratory ailments due to a mild gas it gives off. Besides the healing waters, the national park Sierra de las Nieves, is a wild and stunning area for rural tourists to discover. The wildlife is impressive and views often breathtaking. 


Tolox is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the slow, peaceful pace of its Andalusian inhabitants. Don't be surprised if you see an old man roaming the streets on its horse or donkey, this is part of the authentic and untouched lifestyle.


Tolox is located an hour's drive (60 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are a 50 minute (40 km) drive away.