This lovely south west facing Finca set in the foothills of the Sierra de las Nieves *Snow Mountains* offering outstanding views over the Andalucian country side is situated 3 kms from the main road at the end of a 150mtr concreted track, offering complete privacy for the 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms (1 ensuite) large lounge diner and open kitchen, there is an office area which could easily be turned into the 3rd bedroom, the fourth bedroom is in a separate cabin with en suite shower room, which would be ideal for friends to stay whom like their own space,

There is also a platform of 50m2 foundations, the idea here is to build a 1/2 bed self contained apartment with a flat roof which then the roof would serve as a terrace accessed from the patio doors of the main house it could also be an an open or indoor swimming pool..

Tolox the village is quietly famous as the site of the Fuente Amargosa Health Spa.(sulphur waters) Standing at the entrance to the spectacular nature (and hunting) reserve of the Sierra de las Nieves, the spa makes use of the water which flows at the rate of 15,000 litres a day from the mountains. The water gives off a mildly radioactive gas which is said by its ability to work wonders with respiratory ailments. At the spa, the gas is sprayed directly into the mouths and nostrils of the "patients".
Tolox has a long history. In the tenth century it formed part of the independent Moorish kingdom of Soleimán, son of the rebellious Omar den Hafsun. Soleimán was far too friendly and tolerant towards the Christians for other harder-line Moors' liking, and in 921 Abderrahman III overthrew him and absorbed his domain.

It is a place of much charm: peaceful for the most part, with two notably manic exceptions. Shrove Tuesday, the final day of the annual Tolox carnival, is known as Dia de los Polvos (Day of the Powder). In a tradition which has undergone many changes, but which is said to have its roots in a Christians vs Moors riot in the 16th Century, the entire population takes to the street to hurl talcum powder at each other. The second outbreak of communal lunacy is saved for the Feast of the Immaculate Conception on December 8th. Known as la cencerrada, this involves running around ringing bells and making as much noise as possible. Once again, this is said to be an echo of Christian/Moors conflict
.
Due to the large numbers of pilgrims who make their way to the Tolox spa every year, there are a many places to stay in the area. However, just this year a spectacular alternative to the in-town offering came onto the scene: a rustic wonder in typical Andalusian architecture perched high on the mountain above the spa and looking out on the vast rolling country side below.











































































































































































































