Modern three bedroom townhouse with fantastic views in Benahavis Hills
Fabulous south facing three bedroom Townhouse for sale in Benahavis situated in the luxury resort ‘Benahavis hills Country Club'. Boasting a spectacular sea views. Mountain views, exclusive landscaped area. 
This modern, stylish fully equipped house represents the ultimate Marbella lifestyle choice. 
The property is  located in a privileged position boasts breathtakingly, beautiful, panoramic views across the Mediterranean coastline, combined with the peace of the surrounding mountains. 
Situated within the luxury resort of Benahavis Hills just minutes away from the historic Andalucía village of Benahavis, so renowned for its gastronomic restaurants that is often referred to as ‘The dining room of the Costa Del Sol'. 
The property consists of 3 bedrooms, 2 of which are en-suite and 2 further bathrooms, internal single garage, roof terrace and a private garden area. 
The property is distributed over 3 floors complimented with a marble staircase with solid oak handrails. There are various terraces allowing one to enjoy the amazing outdoor ambience, and there is direct access to the swimming pool from the bottom floor.
The kitchen is fully equipped with the latest domestic Siemens appliances, The property has the added benefit of under floor heating, and Air conditioning. 
There is an open fireplace in the living room. The bedrooms have their own private balconies with dramatic views of the sea, coastline and mountain, garden and pool. 
On the bottom level there is an option to turn it into a third bedroom or keep it as second living room, cinema or office depending on ones individual needs. If one requires a fourth bedroom the internal garage could easily be converted. 
The roof terrace serves as the perfect chill out area with the option to install a Jacuzzi, lounging area. Whilst capturing breath taking views across the Mediterranean coastline. 
A superb property combined with a luxury lifestyle. The house is sold fully furnished, full working appliances and ready to move in.
The luxury development is guarded 24/7 offering full security and safety as well as onsite concierge services. The development offers access to trinity of luxury amenities: gym, relaxing private Spa and wellness facilities, Clubhouse, and on site café/restaurant. 
Nearby exquisite, signature golf courses.
The property in addition to making a stunning holiday home in a luxury resort offers excellent R.O.I on short let rentals. Of course also ideally suited for long-term living in best location.