This finca is situated in the tranquil countryside between Alhaurin el Grande and Alhaurin de la Torre, only 1 km from the Lauro Golf!

 This finca consists of 2 single storey family homes and 2 apartments. In total there are 7 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, 4 kitchens, 4 living rooms, 6 terraces and a swimming pool. The property is ideal for extended families and/or suitable to be run as a B&B/tourism business.

 The main home benefits from a kitchen, spacious independent dining room, a living room, 3 bedrooms and a guest bathroom: The master ensuite has a very spacious bathroom with a sauna and a jacuzzi. The property is surrounded by various terraces, mature gardens including a 300 year oak tree!
 The second house consists of a living/dining area, a fully fitted kitchen, 2 bedrooms, a bathroom and a private terrace. Both apartments yet again have their own fully fitted kitchen and living room. One apartment has a bedroom, the other apartment is a studio.
 The plot consists of approximately 5,000 sqm and is flat and completely fenced. The finca has 2 independent entrances with automatic gates/intercom. The beautiful gardens have a large variety of palm trees, tropical plants, numerous fruit trees and olive trees.

 This property has a private well and mains water.

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.