CUTE as a button!

. Fantastic ´Lock and Leave´ property
. Located in a pretty SPA pueblo
. TRADITIONAL Spanish environment
. Walking distance to local shops and TAPAS bars
. NATIONAL PARK
. Immerse

Chill out in Tolox, one of the prettiest villages in the region, in this beautifully reformed townhouse with 2 bedrooms and a stunning terrace overlooking the village and mountains. 

On the ground floor is the living room and modern, fully fitted kitchen. Up the stairs is the main bedroom complete with fitted wardrobes. There is also a bathroom on this level. On the second floor is a another bedroom and space for a third if desired. 
The final floor is comprised of a now storage room, but could be used as an office or small studio, and a 15 m2 terrace with lovely views. 

The entire property has been reformed highlighting all the traditional features of a typical Spanish townhouse whilst feel modern and bright.

The charming white village of Tolox lies against the steep hills of the Sierra de las Nieves, at the end of a side road from the C-344 Málaga-Ronda. It offers beautiful views of the vast rolling countryside below and impressive high mountain peaks above. Tolox is quietly famous for its SPA-waters and one of the gateways to national park Sierra de las Nieves. 

The Tolox SPA (Fuente Amargosa Health Spa) attracts large numbers of pilgrims and SPA-visitors that stay in the area each year. The water is said to work wonders with respiratory ailments due to a mild gas it gives off. Besides the healing waters, the national park Sierra de las Nieves, is a wild and stunning area for rural tourists to discover. The wildlife is impressive and views often breathtaking. 


Tolox is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the slow, peaceful pace of its Andalusian inhabitants. Don't be surprised if you see an old man roaming the streets on its horse or donkey, this is part of the authentic and untouched lifestyle.


Tolox is located an hour's drive (60 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are a 50 minute (40 km) drive away.