On the secure hillside resort of La Paloma just five minutes from the exclusive Marina of Sotogrande lays this beautiful newly built villa.

A private ‘face-recognition' system leads you directly to the front of the home and to the magnificent entrance through Indonesian style solid wooden doors.Here, you are immediately greeted with stunning views of the Mediterranean-sea from the living area. Through the hallway to the right is the fully fitted open plan kitchen, equipped with the highest quality appliances and with masses of space, ideal for entertaining. The kitchen leads directly out to a covered terrace perfect for summer and winter dining. The second dining area flows seamlessly into the living room, filled with natural light and views all around. This area hosts a fireplace and floor to ceiling glass doors which lead to the ‘bali' themed enclosed terrace. This area is the real gem of the home, offering an atmosphere that cannot be captured in a photograph, it is pure paradise. In addition to the full sea and coastal views the magnificent pool and garden area is at the footfall of this terrace.

Also on this level of the home is the first of six double bedrooms with an en-suite bathroom and private terrace and breath-taking sea views. There is also a guest toilet on this level. The characteristic stairway leads to four more double bedrooms, three of which have en suite bathrooms, walk in wardrobes and full sea views. The bathrooms are fitted with the highest quality marble and are equally spectacular as the rest of the rooms in the home.

The underground level is where the property becomes even more unique, with an indoor swimming pool, brand new sauna, lounge area with a fireplace, and a large laundry room with direct access to the fabulous garden. The indoor garage is also on this level, with fully fitted wooden storage space and a separate workshop. There is also an independent guest house on this level with a private entrance, it has a spacious double bedroom and walk in shower room, perfect for the rare occasion in which the five bedrooms in the main home are not enough.

In the garden is an outside entertainment area with a barbecue, fitted with the finest wooden antique features enhancing further the character of the pergolas of the home. Full sea views can be enjoyed from every angle, and the most spectacular sunsets.

Additional features of the property include a voice-controlled air conditioning system with individual controls in each room, voice controlled electric blinds, hoover sockets in each room with a direct dispense system in the boiler room. On the ground floor there is also a security room, where live security camera footage can be seen surrounding the property.
This spectacular property has been fitted with the finest quality features and leaves nothing to be desired. Offering the perfect balance of modern, warmth and exclusivity, you will not be disappointed.