Built in 2002,  is undoubtedly one of the most desirable homes in the area. With an image of luxury and ostentation in true Marbella style, it is characterized by the high quality used in its construction and the large number of artistic details in the decoration, palpable throughout the property.
Luxury and ostentation in true Marbella style,  is undoubtedly one of the most desirable homes in the area, proof of this is that José Banús, promoter of the Nueva Andalucía urbanization, chose this Villa to enjoy the residential area that he had designed. Characterized by the great natural light that the entire Villa has, a large and beautiful double height hall welcomes us to this family property. The high quality and the wide range of artistic elements in the decoration are palpable throughout the property. Its  1500 square meters built with its meters of plot between which is a huge outdoor saltwater pool, make this the ideal location to enjoy one of the best residential areas in Europe. The upper part of the Villa, has nothing to envy to the first floor of this property. It houses the most private rooms of the house, including the master bedroom suite, plus five other bedrooms. Special mention deserves the basement of this property, with garage with capacity for six vehicles and own gym. A mansion that also thanks to its location will allow its new owners to enjoy Puerto Banús and its unique atmosphere.

Detached Villa, Puerto Banús, Costa del Sol.
Built 1500 m², Terrace 1500 m², Garden/Plot 2700 m².

Setting : Close To Sea, Close To Marina.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F Heating, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Gym, Games Room, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Restaurant On Site.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
Category : Luxury.
