***   UNDER OFFER   ***   STUNNING VILLA WALKING DISTANCE TO THE BEACH ... - LOCATED IN TORRENUEVA - SUPER SPACIOUS AND LIGHT.    This is a beautiful villa with every room facing out to the gardens and pool with a south / south west orientation.  This property is walking distance to the beach, to the boardwalk, La Cala and the many restaurants and amenities of Torrenueva and Jardin Botanico.
The villa comprises 3 large double bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, all of which are ensuite.  Plus a convenient WC as you enter the villa.   A unique style and design that suits modern and traditional tastes alike and maximises the space within the villa and in the outside spaces, This villa is both impressive and has an excellent flow.   Each bedroom has a terrace with sea views, the master suite having it´s own large terrace. 
Upon entering the property there is an open plan living / dining area with a working fireplace and guest bathroom to the side. The kitchen and utility room at the other end of the ground floor has the potential to be reformed to an ultra modern style.   Double doors from the kitchen link the kitchen to the dining room / living room.   All of the ground floor leads outside onto the terrace via sliding doors and towards the pool with a relaxing Jacuzzi area. In the lower part of the villa there is a good sized garage that houses the pump for the pool and irrigation and lots of storage area.   Additionally there is a room on the same level as the garage in the lower part of the house, ideal for a studio / study or an office.   There is a possibility to rearrange the lower part of the house to create an additional bedroom.    In addition to the spacious garage, there is sufficient space on the drive at the back of the villa to park at least 4 vehicles. 
At the top of the stairs there is a huge beautiful church style window in the middle of the hall allowing light to flood through. .
An added bonus to this property is that all of the hot water is heated by solar panels so the electric bills are extremely economical.

