Unique  luxury penthouses in beach front complex 1. line golden beach on 3 floors
Perfect for a large family or couples you will have enough space for 12 person in 5 bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms,  kitchen,  Dining area,  out door dining areas,  roof terraces with BBQ and  jacuzzis ( can be heated on request ) enjoy pure relaxation on the roof terrace with sea, pool  and mountain, panorama view. 
The Penthouse has 3 floors - 1.st floor brand new refurbished 2 new bathrooms 2 bedrooms ( 1 ensuite bathroom) open living dining and kitchen area wich is connected to the terrace where you have outdoor dining area. kitchen is very well equipped living room with  LED  TV wifi - optical fiber  internet connection -  . on request playstation 4 with games and remotes , children are very welcome - we have baby cot and high chair including . 2nd floor 2 bedrooms 2 ensuite bathrooms ( one bathroom has a large round bath tube ) and Terrace. 3rd floor is the roof terrace which has 1 bedroom and large roof terrace with Jacuzzi and sun beds and out door relax  lounge.
Important: No single parties allowed. this Property can be booked only from families or couples!!!
- parking is in the front of the penthouses on the street we have also one underground parking place on request. Only 70 meters from the beach and only 100 meter to spa and gym beach bar and restaurant . You do not need a car. 2 large Supermarkets are in 900 meters distance and many restaurants are in the area in walking distance also coffees and bars, butcher, hair dresser, pharmacy and much more. Golden beach 1. line beach complex has award winning garden and 2 large pool areas. each pool area has a children pool. the large garden has several areas to sit and right on the corner of the complex we have a nice playground for the little children. The complex is very children friendly . 90% from all guests  are families. Our target is to get a 5 star review for your holiday where you just need to arrive and relax and feel good. Guest will receive  a welcome pack and kitchen, bathrooms are very well equipped with amenities. We take care of you during your stay if you need anything. we offer catering, baby sitter, Food delivery from many restaurants  and other services. we have deals with some great restaurants where you will get 10 % discount as our guests. Composition: kitchen, 5x bedroom, 4x bathroom, living room
Amenities: bed linen & towels, terrace, air conditioning, heating, swimming pool, free wireless internet, free cot in the apartment, free parking on the street, free parking with garage, bbq grill, baby cotCentral Heating, Washing Machine, Cable TV, TV, Balcony, Lounge, table and chairs, Airport Pick-up Service, sofabed, jacuzzi, DVD player, Fireplace, Complimentary Tea & Coffee, Health Club, dining room, Sea, Safe, Mountain View, Seaview, Hot Tub (Private), Restaurant, Garden (Common), Babysitting/Child Services, Beach View, Beach, Barber/Beauty Shop, Bicycle Rentals, Cribs Available, Doctor on Call, Drugstore, Garden View, Game Rental, Golf, Childrens Activities, Massage, Ocean View, No Pets Allowed, Picnic Area/Tables, Play Ground, Childrens Pool, Shopping Mall, Snorkeling, Fitness Center or Spa, Smoke Detectors, Solarium, Temperature Control, Chef Provided, Communal pool, Local hospital, Local groceries, Near ocean, Shared Swimming Pool, garage, Family/kids friendly, Laptop workspace, 2 x Baby cot, Taxi access, Rooftop access, Baby high chair, Smart TV, No parties, Families or couples only, Centrally controlled ventilation, Internet browser TV, Suitable for children, Welcome amenities, Panoramic view, Pool view, Rare view, Family friendly, Car not necessary, Romantic, Luxury, Budget Baby chair on request, Balcony, BBQ grill, blender, Central Heating, coffee maker, cooker, cooking hob, Cookware & Kitchen Utensils, Crockery & Cutlery, cupboards, Dining Guide, dining table, Dishwasher, Dryer, electric kettle, Espresso-Machine, fridge / freezer, Game Rental, Iron & Ironing Board, Juicer, microwave, Play Ground, table and chairs, Taxi access, Temperature Control, toaster, vacuum cleaner