Character Property

. Garage
. Separate Accommodation
. Outdoor space
. Loads of potential

This old bakery in Casarabonela has loads of potential with the rare added benefit of a garage in the centre of the village and lots of outdoor space. The features at this property are quite unqiue for a village property.

A reception area welcomes you to the property leading to the lounge with feature fireplace. The house feels very light as towards the rear of the property are windows allowing light to flood into the dining room. The kitchen is located off the dining room. 

A large terrace is located to the side of the dining room and has the most amazing open views to the mountains and bay of Malaga. Outside to the rear of the patio at a lower level is paved courtyard area there is also access to a large storage room and garage. This garage and storage room can also be accessed via the street, it is possible to drive directly to the garage. There is also a separate studio apartment with a separate access located at this level.

Upstairs in the main house there is a main bathroom and three bedrooms, all a good size.

Casarabonela is located at the foothills of Sierra Prieta, part of the Sierra de las Nieves. The air is clean and the views are stunning, due to the elevated position of the village. It is an ideal base for outdoor- and nature lovers. Hiking, biking, horse riding or just a walk through the mountains and forest, with views over the Guadalhorce valley and even the ocean, are the perfect way to relax and enjoy the peace and quietness of the beautiful surroundings. 

Walking through the narrow whitewashed streets, you will discover the Moorish soul, combined with Christian elements and Roman remains. The village has a central church and many plazas and outside terraces where you can enjoy sunshine, local tapas and a drink. Also at night you can join the locals for a drink in one of the bars. 


At the highest part of town, the remains of the Arab Castle Casarabonela are visible, besides its historical value it is an exceptional viewpoint! Casarabonela is located only 40 minutes (47 km.) from Málaga and the airport. The beaches of the Costa del Sol are a 45 minutes (62 km.) drive.