LOVELY reformed townhouse

. Ready to Move-in
. FANTASTIC location
. In the centre of the SPA pueblo of Tolox
. A SHORT STROLL to Local amenties
. Spanish environment

This townhouse sits on one of the prettiest streets in Tolox, lined with potted plants.

- 5 bedrooms
- Large roof terrace

The large living room is followed by a equally large fully fitted kitchen. There is also a single bedroom on this level currently being used as an office and a bathroom.

Upstairs are three double bedrooms all with fitted wardrobes and a family bathroom. Upstairs is a further bedroom and large roof terrace.

The charming white village of Tolox lies against the steep hills of the Sierra de las Nieves, at the end of a side road from the C-344 Málaga-Ronda. It offers beautiful views of the vast rolling countryside below and impressive high mountain peaks above. Tolox is quietly famous for its SPA-waters and one of the gateways to national park Sierra de las Nieves.

The Tolox SPA (Fuente Amargosa Health Spa) attracts large numbers of pilgrims and SPA-visitors that stay in the area each year. Standing at the entrance to the spectacular nature reserve, the SPA makes use of the water which flows at the rate of 15.000 litres a day from the mountains. The water is said to work wonders with respiratory ailments due to a mild gas it gives off. Not only people benefit from the waters of Tolox, also avocado farms, vegetable plots and fruit trees packed with local fruits which are grown in the green valley, hidden between the hills, behind the village. 

Besides the healing waters, the national park Sierra de las Nieves, is a wild and stunning area for rural tourists to discover. The wildlife is impressive and views often breathtaking. Visitors are welcome, however the village of Tolox is not packed with shops and hungry salesman. You find a tiny but engaging municipal museum, there are of course local shops and (tapas) bars and a central town square.

Tolox is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the slow, peaceful pace of its Andalusian inhabitants. Don't be surprised if you see an old man roaming the streets on its horse or donkey, this is part of the authentic and untouched lifestyle.

The village of Tolox is located an hour's drive (60 km.) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are a 50 minute (40 km.) drive away.