New Development: Prices from 4,950,000 € to 4,950,000 €. [Beds: 5 - 5] [Baths: 5 - 5] [Built size: 536.00 m2 - 536.00 m2]

Stunning new villas in Nueva Andalucia with 5 bedrooms and finest qualities.

Each of the villas are located in the heart of the Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia, surrounded by the best golf courses of the Costa del Sol. Each villa sits on its own large 1,415m2 plot with a total of 928m2 of beautifully constructed living space and offers five spacious bedrooms, with their own en-suite bathroom.

The villas have their full building licences and meet all environmental requirements.

LOCATION:

Nueva Andalucia's Golf Valley is home to some of the world's greatest championship golf courses and is found within a short drive of both Marbella and the internationally acclaimed Puerto Banús. This prime location allows residents to enjoy the very best the Costa del Sol has to offer. Within this highly sought-after area these stunning new homes represent the pinnacle of contemporary living.

This popular residential area boasts a wealth of amenities from restaurants and health clubs, to international schools and sporting facilities. Everything, in fact, that one could wish for to complement these exceptional properties.

DISTRIBUTION:

The living spaces have been carefully designed to make the most of the westerly orientation with ample natural light throughout the villa. The terraces and pool areas enjoy plenty of sunshine and some spectacular sunsets.

There is a lift connecting the three floors for comfort and security.

GROUND FLOOR

The ground floor accommodation comprises three en-suite bedrooms, a large and airy living room as well as an enviable dining room and a fully fitted and equipped kitchen. The kitchen has full wide sliding doors that allows to "separate" the kitchen from the dining area if desired.

The grand outside terrace invites one to take full advantage of the year-round climate as does the swimming pool and the gazebo barbecue area.

FIRST FLOOR

The first floor houses the master suite complete with private dressing room and its own large solarium complete with jacuzzi. The en-suite bathroom has separate shower and jacuzzi as well as twin vanities.

BASEMENT

The basement becomes an integral part of the house, with a large indoor pool and spa, or the possibility of creating a state-of-the-art Bang & Olufsen, home cinema, gymnasium, multi-function rooms and garaging. There is also a fifth bedroom.

MATERIALS:

The villas have been designed with energy efficiency as a priority and thermal and acoustic insulation is found throughout. Clean, stylish design, state of the art materials and exquisite finishing are brought together to produce homes of exceptional elegance and comfort.

The luxury of space is predominant throughout the villas. Residents and their guests will breathe in the tranquillity of these beautiful homes and be inspired.

The comfort of the living areas is enhanced by the large picture windows which give onto the terraces and the landscaped gardens. This creates a sense of interior and exterior living in perfect harmony with the Andalusian culture.

The information and images are for illustrative purposes.