Large COUNTRY ESTATE

. 2 Separate Apartments
. Space for another apartment or games room
. Horse shelter
. PRESS YOUR OWN OLIVE OIL
. Close to the beautiful village of Casarabonela
. Possible RURAL TOURISM Opportunity
. VIDEO available on our youtube site

This extensive property sits in an elevated position with the most fantastic elevated views looking down the valley.

The property was designed with an architect by the current owners. The designed of the property gives the owners privacy and space with the top floor of the property being designed entirely for the owners. The lower level is guest accommodation.

Entering into hallway of this property you are immediately wowed by the sense of space. To the right is an open plan lounge, kitchen and dining room. The living area is especilly large with a feature catherdral vaulted ceiling in the dining room with windows positioned all around the room framing the amazing views. Patio doors lead from the lounge to the shaded terrace and pool area.

To left of the lounge is Master Suite with walk-in wardobe, study and ensuite bathrooms, patio doors again open to the elevated terrace those VIEWS.

The pool area has been designed to enjoy the very best of the outdoor life we love here with extensive shaded relaxation terrace overlooking the pool that has the luxury of the cover to allow the owners to SWIM ALL YEAR round. The SAUNA is also located adjacent to the pool.

Whilst feeling extremely private the property has amazing vista from every angle. Terraces run around the entire top level of the property. 

The Guest Accommodation is located on the lower level of the property with an apartment and studio apartment. To left is also an open undeveloped space that could be another apartement, entertainments room - its a blank canvas for the new owners to make their own.

To the right of the property is the large double garage and shelter for the stables.

Casarabonela is located at the foothills of Sierra Prieta, part of the Sierra de las Nieves. The air is clean and the views are stunning, due to the elevated position of the village. It is an ideal base for outdoor- and nature lovers. Hiking, biking, horse riding or just a walk through the mountains and forest, with views over the Guadalhorce valley and even the ocean, are the perfect way to relax and enjoy the peace and quietness of the beautiful surroundings. 


Walking through the narrow whitewashed streets, you will discover the Moorish soul, combined with Christian elements and Roman remains. The village has a central church and many plazas and outside terraces where you can enjoy sunshine, local tapas and a drink. Also at night you can join the locals for a drink in one of the bars. 


At the highest part of town, the remains of the Arab Castle Casarabonela are visible, besides its historical value it is an exceptional viewpoint! Casarabonela is located only 40 minutes (47 km.) from Málaga and the airport. The beaches of the Costa del Sol are a 45 minutes (62 km.) drive.