Wonderful finca for sale in the area of Estepona near the Laguna Village shopping center and the beach

Magnificent Finca located on the Costa del Sol, in Andalusia, 5 minutes by car from the sea.

The property is very private, it has a very well maintained mature garden, the plot is completely flat so you can walk through the beautiful gardens of the finca, there is a car park for several cars.

It is an ideal place since it is very well connected, 5 minutes from the Laguna village shopping center where there are bars, restaurants, shops ......, and also 5 minutes from an Aldi shopping center where you can buy any product.

There are several constructions on the finca, the main house consists of a ground floor with a large fully equipped kitchen with access to a covered terrace with dining area ideal to enjoy the good weather on the Costa del Sol, large living room with wooden beams and a majestic fireplace, the living room has access  to the gardens, also there is a large bedroom with ensuite bathroom and sauna, on the first floor there are two large bedrooms, two fully equiped bathrooms, a kitchen and terrace, on the second floor there is a bedroom and  large terrace.

Each house has very private large terraces.

The guest house consists of a fully equipped kitchen, large living room with fireplace with access to the gardens and the pool, four large bedrooms and two bathrooms.

In the garden there is a house with two bedrooms and a bathroom,  two warehouses houses, a large tent ideal for parties, a large pool and several very private terraces  decorated with flowers, a barbecue area, three wood houses with 4 independent toilets and a beautiful fountain. 

There are  fruit trees such as oranges, lemons, avocados and fig trees.

We recommend the visit of the property, it has a lot of charm, it is an ideal place for a large family or to do business such as bed and breakfast, wedding celebration or party celebration.

The finca is located very well connected to 10 minutes by car from Estepona, 15 minutes from Puerto Banús, 25 minutes from Marbella and 50 minutes from Malaga airport.
