Incredible INVESTMENT opportunity in one of the most privileged positions in Tolox.

. Located in the centre of the SPA Village
. Possible Rural Tourism Opportunity
. Vibrant village with many FIESTAS
. TRADITIONAL Spanish Environment
. Close to many TAPAS Bars
. Culture, CULTURE, Culture

This large townhouse in Tolox is a fantastic investment opportunity. Spread out over four floors, the property is really a blank canvas and could be made into a number of things including a large family home or a rural tourism business. 

Outside is an incredible amount of outside space yet to be discovered as it currently hidden behind a large storeroom in the patio. 

The inside is full of original character features such as typical wooden shutters, andalusian tiles, wood burning stove and stunning views from the top terrace.

The charming white village of Tolox lies against the steep hills of the Sierra de las Nieves, at the end of a side road from the C-344 Málaga-Ronda. It offers beautiful views of the vast rolling countryside below and impressive high mountain peaks above. Tolox is quietly famous for its SPA-waters and one of the gateways to national park Sierra de las Nieves. 

The Tolox SPA (Fuente Amargosa Health Spa) attracts large numbers of pilgrims and SPA-visitors that stay in the area each year. The water is said to work wonders with respiratory ailments due to a mild gas it gives off. Besides the healing waters, the national park Sierra de las Nieves, is a wild and stunning area for rural tourists to discover. The wildlife is impressive and views often breathtaking. 


Tolox is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the slow, peaceful pace of its Andalusian inhabitants. Don't be surprised if you see an old man roaming the streets on its horse or donkey, this is part of the authentic and untouched lifestyle.


Tolox is located an hour's drive (60 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are a 50 minute (40 km) drive away.