An exquisite Andalusian villa recreated from a strong artisan building dating back over 100 years. Rebuilt in 2015 using classical materials recovered from the region. The property is located in an elevated position on the edge of Benaojan Estacion village above the picturesque fresh water River Guadiaro in Sierra de las Nieves Natural Park. Within a 15 minute drive to Ronda 15 and 45 minutes down to the Coast. The adjacent single track railway line links Gibraltar via San Roque with Ronda, a train journey of approximately one hour with further links via Ronda to Seville, Granada, Madrid etc. The award winning hotel and restaurant Molino del Santo is a short walk away. The property is approached along a narrow lane and entered through electrically operated tall oak timber gates with a TV entry system. The property itself comprises of:
Ground floor: Pillared and canopied entrance with original pine doors. Stone steps reclaimed from a centuries old church in Cordoba. Cloakroom, WC and service store facility with pine beam ceiling and original stone floor. A generously sized double bedroom with oak ceiling beams, built in wardrobe and access to a raised private terrace, en suite bathroom with under floor heating. Double doors with small panes of bevelled glass lead off the hall to the extensive fully fitted and equipped rustic kitchen with Zanussi electric oven, electric and gas hob. Spacious dining room overlooking the South facing garden. Summer lounge with timber glazed access doors opening onto a South facing breakfast terrace. Double antique doors lead off the main lounge into the winter lounge with a full height traditional Andalucian wood burning open fireplace. This comfortable triple aspect room contains the study area with bookcases and work-station. 
A sweeping spiral staircase leads up to the first floor comprising of four  double en suite bedrooms, three with Juliette balconies. A large elevated terrace overlooks the south facing garden. Another terrace containing a secluded area with a timber hot tub is accessed from two of the bedrooms located at the opposite end of the first floor. A loft hatch with an integrated step ladder is located above the landing hallway giving access to an extensive lofty roof space which provides abundant walk round storage and contains the hot water storage cylinder. The property has a stunning collection of modern art, antique furniture all of which are to be included in the sale. 
There is internet access, terrestrial and Sky TV facilities and alarm system.
The mature lush gardens contain a decorative water feature, a fresh water plunge pool and a double car port. 

Detached Villa, Benaoján, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 355 m², Garden/Plot 1300 m².

Setting : Village, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Shops.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Room For Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Mountain, Country, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Entry Phone.
Parking : Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
