MALAGA REGION (EAST OF MALAGA CITY), HUGE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY
PLOT WITH more than 60% DISCOUNT (in December 2022 the PLOT has been officially valued at 8.636.737,13 €,EUR)

2 kms from the beach and surrounded by a golf course, near a town and 25 kms from Malaga city centre

YOU CAN BUILD THE FOLLOWING 
1. Hotel use such as hotels, motels, aparthotels, tourist apartments and in general those in the hospitality industry with tourist classification, as well as complementary annex facilities. (around 400 BEDROOMS)
2. Use of offices and those for professional offices, such as agencies, real estate, notaries, banks, Administration services.
3. Commercial use such as markets, supermarkets, shops, etc., as well as services for people, such as barber shops, saunas, beauty salons, etc.
4. Industry use: Transformation of raw or semi-finished materials, or their preparation for subsequent transformations.
5. Use of hospitality, such as cafes, bars. restaurants, discos, nightclubs, casinos, etc.
6. Use of community accommodation, such as Residences for the Elderly (370 BEDROOMS), Residence for Children, Residence for students, as well as complementary facilities.
7. Recreational use and social relations, such as shows, cinemas and theaters.
8. Use of health care and provision of medical or surgical services, with or without accommodation in them, such as hospitals, clinics, dispensaries, outpatient clinics, etc.
9. Educational use, such as Schools, Nurseries, Academies, Universities, etc.
10. Cultural use, such as libraries, archives, museums, theaters, research centers, associations, groups, civic.

Occupies an area of ​​16,295 m² so you can build up to 21,735 m² 

NOTICE: NO RESIDENTIAL UNITS CAN BE BUIILT

• It is part of a High-level sector, along with 900 homes, most of them single-family homes with a private garden
• They enjoy an ideal microclimate for playing golf
• 30 minutes from Malaga Airport (eastern Costa del Sol!) With direct exit to the Malaga-Granada-Almería highway
18-hole course of great international prestige characterized by its wide greens, a great diversity of obstacles that offers a variety of strokes and an ideal design for all types of handicappers. With the attraction of its unbeatable views of both the Mediterranean and the Sierras that protect it.
SALE PRICE: (Promotional price with a over 60% discount on certified appraisal)