Large townhouse distributed over five floors

7 bedrooms (2 used as offices), 5 bathrooms and 2 toilets

Located almost mid way between Malaga and Marbella this double size town house has five floors, a beautiful Finnish timbre sauna, five bedrooms, five bathrooms, two toilets, a Jacuzzi in the main bathroom, main lounge and TV room, a storeroom and newly renovated kitchen.

There is a top terrace as well as a lower terrace off the main lounge and a lower terrace off the kitchen. There is also a study.  All the floors are serviced by a lift. The property has direct access to two secure underground parking spaces.

Top Floor                                      
This floor includes the Sauna, fully refurbished bathroom alongside, an open area currently used as an office. There are full-length double-glazed doors that lead onto the upper terrace. The main hot water boiler is housed behind the Sauna. There is an air – conditioner installed.


3rd Floor
The main bedroom includes a separate dressing room with inlaid cupboards. The bathroom includes the Jacuzzi and a newly renovated shower. There is an air conditioner installed in the bedroom.
There is a further bedroom on this floor that has its own on-suit bathroom as well as inlaid cupboards. There is an air conditioner installed.


2nd Floor
There are three large bedrooms, one on the inner garden side that has it own on-suit bathroom and private terrace overlooking the community gardens and swimming pool. The two other bedrooms share a bathroom. Both rooms are of a good size. All bedrooms have inlaid cupboards and have their own air conditioners.  

Ground Floor
This floor is the entrance from the street. There is an entrance hall that leads into the main lounge, that is attached to a TV room. There is an enclosed terrace off the lounge via full-length double glazed doors.  This terrace provides access to the community gardens and swimming pool. The lounge and TV rooms have an air conditioner installed.
There is a good-sized study as well as a newly refurbished toilet on this floor. There is a coat cupboard opposite the toilet. 

Bottom Floor
The main feature on this floor is the kitchen that was fully renovated.
Next to the kitchen entrance is a large toilet recently renovated.
There is a good-sized storeroom with a washbasin and hot water supply for this floor.
There are stairs that go up to the lounge terrace. There are flowerbeds leading up next to the stairs to the top terrace.

Community
This consists of 85 properties where there is a mix of property types – apartments and townhouses.
The main features of the community are the mature gardens and the central swimming pool.


About the Local Area

The house is 3km from the town of Fuengirola and 4 km from the picturesque mountain village of Mijas.

Malaga airport is just 15 minutes away.

Malaga city is 35km via two main motorways directly into the city or by train from the nearby Fuengirola train station.

Malaga´s national and international railway station is on the train route from Fuengirola where you can fast trains to Madrid as well as other inland cities such as Barcelona, Cordoba, and Seville.

Marbella is about half an hour by car and the famous Puerto Banus is just past Marbella - easily accessed via the motorways by car or on the bus from Fuengirola.

There is a large pharmacy in the commercial area of the Cortijo Del Agua community. A large Lidl supermarket is a three minute drive away and a new Aldi supermarket is within walking distance.

On the outskirts of Fuengirola along the main road are two major shopping complexes. Miramar is the largest with many main brand shops and restaurants. There is also a go-kart track on the roof. The other shopping park is a few minutes away and includes numerous wholesale type stores such as the hardware store AKI, the well known English food store Iceland.

The Costa del Sol is famed for its beaches and just five minutes away in Fuengirola you have four miles of beautiful beaches and many amazing local beach restaurants known as Chiringuitos in Spain. 

Both Fuengirola and Los Boliches have traditional food markets offering fresh vegetables, meat, fish, spices, flowers, natural medicines.

Within the surrounding area there are several restaurants that are highly recommended. Within walking distance there is one of the renowned Italian Da Bruno restaurants, there are four to five quality restaurants on the drive up to the Mijas village and then all sorts of restaurants in the village, some with amazing views of the immediate Mediterranean coastline. Fuengirola town has blossomed with new good quality restaurants that are in easy reach by Mijas taxis.

Local activities include...

Tennis: there is a a local tennis club across the road or just five minutes away is the Lew Hoades tennis centre. There are any number of other tennis clubs within easy reach.

Golf: the Costa del Sol is rightly renowned throughout Europe and some courses internationally. Courses are a 10 to 20 minute drive away.

Water Sports: Sailing is in abundance. There is also jet-skiing, water skiing and paragliding.

Cycling: a very popular sport in Spain there are any number of cycling tracks as well as mountain cycling locations within 15 to 30 minutes drive.

Walking: The seafront esplanade runs from Carvajal to Fuengirola and stretches more than four miles. A well-advanced project will soon connect a walkway from Fuengirola all the way to Marbella. Many parts of the coastline between these two towns already have this walkway that is on the immediate seashore. It has been one of the most successful additions to the whole of the Costa del Sol. At most times of the day there are people walking, cycling and running.

Water Park: there is a large water park in Fuengirola that open from March to the end of October. 

Zoo: The Bioparc in Fuengirola is a modern boutique zoo that is said to be one of the finest zoo's in Europe today.
