Luxurious, stylishly furnished, modern and spacious apartment with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms located in Palacetes Los Belvederes, Nueva Andalucia, in the heart of Marbella's Golf Valley with 5 challenging golf courses in the immediate vicinity and 7 other golf courses, which are reached in 10 minutes. The beach and Puerto Banús are also just a few minutes drive away.
The apartment is located in a carefully manicured and gated community with tropical gardens and a spacious pool area, equipped with sun loungers and parasols. The complex includes a gym and a sauna, which can also be used. From the terrace one can enjoy a wonderful Sea view towards the Mediterranean Sea and the  emblematic mountain of Marbella, the Concha.
Nearby there are cafés, restaurants, shops and shopping centres that are ideal for holiday fun.
The finely fitted apartment is modern and stylishly furnished and offers up to 4 guests plenty of space to feel comfortable. The two bedrooms, one with en-suite bathrooms, are equipped with a double bed and a two single beds and have fitted wardrobes.
The kitchen is fully equipped kitchen, as described below.
On the spacious terrace there are two sitting areas with a total of 8 seats and a large sunshade is available.
For the cooler months the apartment is equipped with underfloor heating and hot/cold air conditioning.
To the apartment belongs an underground parking space, which can be reached by elevator.
Equipment: 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, lavatory, kitchen fully equipped with washing machine, tumble dryer, dishwasher, micro wave, toaster, coffee maker, etc.
Living room with internet-TV (100´s of channels), wifi, safe, 4 table seats, sheets and towels, 
Underground parking with direct access to lift.

Middle Floor Apartment, Nueva Andalucía, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 125 m², Terrace 25 m².

Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace, U/F Heating.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, ADSL / WIFI, Gym, Sauna, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground.
Category : Golf.
