Finca with AFO!!

Great Finca very well built on a fully usable plot with plenty of water.

The property has very good road access located a short distance to Coin and is distributed over 3 floors as follows:
Entrance floor: Entrance hall, large living room with fireplace and access to a large porch with views of the countryside. Large and fully equipped kitchen with dining table. Two bedrooms and a bathroom. Master bedroom with dressing room.
Upstairs: Large living room with wooden beams, seating area, and a TV area, plus 2 double bedrooms and a bathroom. Large open terrace with sun all day and panoramic views of the countryside and mountains.
Semi-basement floor: Diaphanous for the most part with immense potential. It is currently used for storage and workshop. On this floor there is also a pantry, a workshop, a machine and laundry room, and a full bathroom.

Very well presented and in perfect condition with double glazed windows, piped music on the central floor, central air conditioning on the entrance floor and individual air conditioners on the upper floor, solar panels for hot water.
This property has been conscientiously built by the current owners who have paid a great deal of attention to detail, for example the foundations and insulation of the property.

Exterior: On the plot we find a lot of services, starting with the large saltwater pool surrounded by sunny terraces with 100% privacy and tranquility from where you can enjoy beautiful views. Covered garage for 2 cars plus ample parking for several vehicles. BBQ area. Animal loving owners which is why there is a doghouse, chicken coop and pens. Before there was an OCA license for horses that could be requested again and there is room for horses.
Water: In abundance with its own well and drinking water from the town hall. A river passes through the Finca giving a very picturesque touch and ideal for cooling off in the summer. The owners have built a beautiful 'bridge' that connects to the other part of the Finca. The plot has innumerable fruit trees (orange, fig, quinces, walnut, lemon, grapes) an irrigation system and 2 24.000-liter water tanks.

There is also a warehouse ideal for storage.

Fenced plot of 6.864m2. Total built size 426m2 plus 18m2 warehouse, 50m2 pool, 35.84m2 garage, 36m2 corral, 14.63m2 chicken coop and 4.06m2 doghouse.
Year of construction 2006.

Distances:
Coin 2.5km.
Marbella 24.5km
Fuengirola 27km.
Malaga airport 35km.