Characterised by the visual strength of the avant-garde style and its spectacular sea views, Villa Sena stands as the villa that makes the difference. Luxurious, magnificent, minimalist. The main premise of this project has consisted of maximising the brightness in all rooms by filling them with natural light and maximize the luminosity of the place.
The unusual shape makes this villa an exclusive and unique design, both in terms of architecture and outer views. A garden of wavy, smooth, and modern lines. An infinity pool that invites you to relax. Spectacular sea views to the bay of Fuengirola. Nature, views and privacy will wrap you in fascinating vibes.

***1 huge master bedroom with en-suite and walk in closet and then another 3 very large size bedrooms with 2 bathrooms.***

MAIN LEVEL
Walk-in entrance to the plot through an automatic and independent gate.
Vehicle entrance through a garage door with remote control.
Access to the villa through a wooden reinforced door.
Spacious entrance hall that connects both floors and leads to the living room with a height of 7 metres. Front with cladding in the centre shared by lateral glass to see the beauty of the garden views.
Open kitchen with a large window and views connected to the living room.
Master bedroom with dressing room and bathroom with hidro-massage bathtub, joined through a wooden walkway to the gym area.

EXTERIOR: Covered and uncovered terrace with a chill out area, a jacuzzi, an infinity pool with beach platform and a tropical garden with relaxing area in the deep end.
Two garage spaces, outdoor storage area and basketball court.

UPPER LEVEL
Relaxing or cinema area.
Extra room.

AREAS
Main Level (interior): 462.60 M2 | Upper Level: (interior): 35.02 M2
Total Interior M2: 497.74 M2
Covered Terrace: 33.02 M2 | Uncovered Terrace: 240.27 M2
Pool: 75.20 M2
Plot: 2.813.05 M2

PAYMENT TERMS
PRICE: 4,900,000 € + TAX
DEPOSIT: 30,000 €

COSTS
IBI (ANNUAL): 3,260 € | COMMUNITY (MONTHLY): 265 € | BASURA (ANNUAL): 80 €