Striking architecture, distinctive designs and the perfect location to enjoy a relaxed easy lifestyle - you can have it all.

A once in a lifetime opportunity to secure a STUNNING ROMAN STYLE MODERN MANSION situated on a CORNER PLOT with panoramic views in Sierra Blanca. Your SPECTACULAR property boasts 7 lavish, light-filled bedrooms, each with real OAK WOOD flooring throughout & fitted Rimadesio wardrobes (The rolls-Royce of the wardrobes). 10 LUXURY bathrooms your own personal temple of luxury. 
You´ll have a visually DRAMATIC living space of 1,790m2 that spills out onto an extensive landscaped garden equipped with stunning lighting. You will also have your own PRIVATE solarium surrounded by luxury large terraces, porches and balconies great for relaxing and entertaining on.  
This GORGEOUS property is sure to impress with it´s STUNNING large stone entrance which welcomes you onto your property. Upon entering your home, attention is drawn to the hallway with it´s high ceilings that run throughout the entire property and a stunning panoramic glass elevator connecting the spaces, the ultimate entertainer that runs from the bottom floor straight up to the top floor!
Your new home has an ENTICING INDOOR HEATED 12x4 metre swimming POOL, this is just one of the outstanding features here. The STAR attraction is the large SUN-DRENCHED outdoor 40 metre swimming POOL with its own Island a Chiringuito that sits inside the pool - you can sit and ENJOY an ice cold beverage whilst admiring the TROPICAL gardens and panoramic views. This GORGEOUS corner plot property boasts panoramic SEA & MOUNTAIN views making it a stunning location to sit and enjoy the Coasts 360 days of sunshine & its beautiful sunrises and sunsets.
Your new home boasts UNDER FLOOR HEATING throughout on all floors, smart hot & cold AIR CONDITIONING and is set up with state of the art technology so you will have a HOME SMART system throughout the entire property, no expense has been spared. 
Your new home has the HIGHEST QUALITY branded security window, glass & shutters & is fitted with a security alarm system throughout adding yet another unexpected element to a property full of surprises. You will also have parking for up to 8 cars.
