Authentic and traditional town house located in the heart of Alhaurin el Grande. 

You need to visit this property to appreciate all its details, and there are many! 


It is a two-storey house plus solarium. It has a total of 5 bedrooms, hand carved wooden doors and ceiling, hand painted mosaic flooring and a spring water fountain in the courtyard. 


The distribution of the house is as follows: 


Ground floor: 


Large entrance hall with large wooden doors. Next, there is an ´L´ shaped living room with a fireplace, a double bedroom and a bathroom. In addition, there is another small living room and a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area. 

From the living room and kitchen there is access to a central patio and a storage room. 


First floor: 


On this floor are the 4 bedrooms, all doubles, two with balconies and two bathrooms, including the master bedroom with bathroom en suite. The corridor leading to some of the bedrooms surrounds the central courtyard. 


Roof terrace: 


This is located on the second floor. There is an open plan room with wooden ceilings, which could be a guest studio or a summer kitchen. There is also a large solarium where you can enjoy the views of the Alhaurin mountains and the rooftops of the town. 


The house is located on a very quiet street with hardly any traffic. There is a private parking area very close to the property for 65 Euros/month. 


It has town water and the spring. 


This house is very special and is for those who are looking for a traditional town house with a lot of charm. 


Alhaurín el Grande is a beautiful, vibrant town and one of the largest villages in the Valle del Guadahorce, set in a privileged location with fabulous road connections to both the Costa del Sol and Málaga. It is the thirteenth largest city in the entire province of Málaga in population, second only to coastal municipalities, the cities of Ronda and Antequera and nearby Alhaurin de la Torre. It has a population around 25,000, but there is a large presence of foreigners settled in the town, estimated to represent nearly 15% of the total population. 


The origin of the name was given by the Arabs, who called it 'Alhaurin', where the Catholic Monarchs added 'el Grande' to distinguish it from the neighbouring town of Alhaurín de la Torre after the conquest of both sites in 1485. 


Alhaurin el Grande is located on the north side of the Sierra de Mijas at an altitude of 326 metres above sea level, with a benign climate of mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days per year have sunshine. It is 29 km from Málaga and 18 km from Marbella. 



The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.