New Development: Prices from 440,000 € to 1,190,000 €. [Beds: 2 - 3] [Baths: 2 - 2] [Built size: 80.00 m2 - 127.00 m2]

New development. Two- and three-bedrooms apartments with all kinds of leisure services that will change your life. 
Modern units with large spaces, big windows, and wide terraces.  Southwest orientation to enjoy the wonderful views to the Mediterranean Sea.

Designed with a boutique residential concept with the soul of a resort, Your new 5-star life is backed by amazing leisure and wellness services, excellent qualities, sea views and energy capabilities that are second to none. You will live surrounded by nature with a strong healthy lifestyle.

An elegant and modern development with leisure and wellness premium services ~ 3 outdoor pools and a heated pool, spa, Turkish bath, fully equipped gym, coworking lounge and gardens.  The Passive House energy certificate means the apartments have a high energetic efficiency, a responsible attitude before the environment and a healthy option thanks to its constant air renovation system.

The development is only five minutes away from the beach, the Rio Real golf course, La Cañada shopping centre and Marbella's old town. With a wide natural environment, a clear commitment to quality of life and an architecture designed to enjoy at home, here you will find flats inspired by the details and qualities, in modern and spacious spaces that merge with nature through its large terraces and magnificent views of the Mediterranean Sea.

Thanks to its excellent communications it will allow you to enjoy the shops in the centre of Marbella, its beaches and promenade in just 5 minutes, and at the same time, enjoy with total privacy and security the tranquillity of a family atmosphere and a Mediterranean lifestyle. Paths, forests, golf courses, marinas and the beach are all within easy reach and only 5 minutes away.

Living here will be an experience that will transform your life, where health is understood as an optimal state of physical, mental and emotional well-being in harmony with the environment.