New spectacularly built modern villa with stunning panoramic sea views on the New Golden Mile. Built to the highest standards in the industry, this contemporary home offers all the modern luxuries for a comfortable life.
Spread over three floors, the property comprises a large and bright living room, from where large windows lead to extensive terraces offering both sun and shade, as well as incredible views of the Mediterranean Sea. The stylish modern kitchen is fully fitted and equipped, has a large central island, and has convenient direct access from the garage (for 2 cars + 2 cars parked off the street). At the entrance, there is also a guest toilet and a beautiful double bedroom with a private bathroom, terrace, and built-in wardrobes. Stunning sea views can be enjoyed from every corner of this level. Upstairs there are two large double bedroom apartments and an impressive master suite with a custom dressing room, luxury bathroom, and access to a large sunny terrace with stunning open views. All bedrooms have high-quality oak floors, built-in wardrobes and panoramic sea views. In the basement, there is a fully equipped laundry room and a large unfinished space to be finished by the owner (guest apartment/gym/cinema/playroom). All three levels are connected by an elevator.
Features include: U / F and A / C hot / cold installed with individual controls on the room, Panasonic heat pump with recovery capacity, reinforced teak wood entry door, Gunni Living interior and exterior ceramic flooring, aluminum joinery High quality, electric shutters in all bedrooms, LED lights installed everywhere, wood-burning fireplace, elevator from Otis.
This is one of the few newly built villas in the El Paraiso medio area, a well-established and quiet residential area, close to all amenities and surrounded by golf courses. Just a few minutes by car from the beach and 10 minutes from Marbella and / or Estepona. Excellent house of superior quality for life all year round or as a dream vacation/golf residence. The property is for sale fully furnished and decorated.