Rural Farmhouse close to all amenities between San Pedro de Alcántara and "la campana", Nueva Andalucia.

PROPERTY:

The extremely unique house has 3 large double bedrooms, the main featuring a magnificent four poster bed and 2 bathrooms. . The open plan kitchen with breakfast bar making cooking a very social affair, adjoined to this is a laundry area.  The property benefits from a Chimney which is ideal for heating the property in the winter months. On the large plot there is decent sized private pool, an ample garden to plant flora or maybe even vegetables for the "green fingered"  With sun lounges and a barbecue, this makes it ideal to host parties and family get-togethers. You can make the most of the 300 days of sunshine by utilising the magnificent outdoor Jacuzzi for 6 people.  The garden also offers the opportunity of dining in the shade under the large erected pergola.
It also has an Extensive driveway allowing parking of Multiple cars. Can be rented furnished or unfurnished and Pets are allowed

THE AREA:

San Pedro de Alcántara is in an ideal situation, just 10 kilometres west from all the glitz and glamour of Marbella, a few minutes drive from the natural beauty of the Sierra de Ronda mountain and 20 km from Estepona town. Today San Pedro is a refreshingly unspoilt pueblo with an appeal all of its own. The central plaza has a gracious parish church and surrounding narrow streets which are packed with intriguing small shops, sidewalk cafes and bars. Thursday is street market day with all the hustle and bustle, a veritable bargain shopper's paradise. A pleasant walk is from the centre to the beachfront along the Avenida del Marques del Duero which is a particularly attractive wide avenue flanked by palm trees and the modern wide promenade is ideal for continuing your stroll (or skateboarding!) with several excellent chiringuitos (beach side restaurants) specializing in fish dishes. 
Nueva Andalucia is a well thought out and attractive area just west of Marbella where, as its name suggests, the villas and apartments are based on traditional Andalusian architecture and design.
The bullring on the right marks the entrance to Nueva Andalucia, while the road climbs towards the mountains affording magnificent views of the coast. On a clear day, you can even see North Africa off in the distance. Sports enthusiasts can find plenty on offer here with tennis, paddle tennis and a gymnasium. For golfers in particular, the area could not be more ideal. There are several magnificent courses within virtual putting distance, including Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha Golf and La Dama de Noche, which is floodlit for night time play. All the Nueva Andalucia golf courses are surrounded by stunning scenery with a backdrop of mountains.
Nueva Andalucía is also fast becoming known for its international cuisine which ranges from a down home American deli to the ultimate in cordon bleu. It also boasts one of the most popular commercial centres in the area, Centro Plaza comprising quality shops, restaurants, bars and offices, as well as a supermarket, gymnasium and beauty parlour. In other words, this thriving commercial centre has everything that the consumer might want – from taking care of the weekly shop, to buying unusual and exquisite gifts, including carpets, antiques, luxury toiletries and, not surprisingly perhaps, everything you may need for the golfer in the family. There is also an excellent street market ("rastro") held next to the bullring here every Saturday morning.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

San Pedro - 2KM

Puerto Banus - 2 KM

Marbella - 10 KM

Estepona - 10 KM

Benahavis Village - 20 KM

Ronda - 60 KM

Gibraltar - 60 KM

Granada - 200 KM




Finca - Cortijo, Nueva Andalucía, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 270 m², Garden/Plot 1000 m².

Setting : Country.
Orientation : North, South.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Mountain, Country, Garden.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Jacuzzi.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Parking : Street, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Gas.
