This fantastic modern apartment for sale with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms + 1 Toilet, located close the Sotogrande Port, San Roque, Cadiz.
This complex is a dream, here you will live in a very exclusive place with beautiful views and walking to all the activities that Sotogrande offers you.
Living- lounge with 70 sqm leads out to a wonderful South facing 54 m2 terrace with stunning views to the pool, the polo fields and surrounded nature.
Fully equipped kitchen with a laundry, storage area and a 15 sqm terrace.
Furniture is an optional not included in the price. Private parking for 4 cars included in the price.
Situated in a unique setting, one of the most prestigious residential areas in southern Spain. Private gated community with security 24 hours, swimming pool, tennis-paddle court, gym, sauna, Turkish bath, playroom for children, gardens area, walking distance to the marina, port, beach, shops, restaurants, bars.
Located just five minutes away from all various sports, the Santa Maria Polo Club, Golf club Valderrama, Real Club de Sotogrande and San Roque Golf, Beach club, equestrian, sailing, tennis or paddle in a privileged environment that provides great privacy.

Middle Floor Apartment, Sotogrande, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 190 m², Terrace 54 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F Heating.
Views : Mountain, Garden, Pool, Courtyard, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Gym, Sauna, Games Room, Paddle Tennis, Tennis Court, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Domotics, 24 Hour Reception, Near Church, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Covered, More Than One, Communal, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Distressed, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
