TOURIST RENTAL APARTMENT IN APARTHOTEL RESORT FOR INVESTMENT 

A lovely one bedroom penthouse with amazing elevated views over the El Paraíso golf course towards the sea. Located in the most peaceful surroundings of the sunny Costa del Sol and 10/15 minutes drive from Marbella, Estepona and Puerto Banús, which offer many first class golf courses and beaches. The house is located on the 2nd floor, with elevator access to the house, which is the only one located on the 2nd floor of the block in which it is located.

Royal Suites was originally built as a serviced apartment, so it would not be suitable for those looking for a full-time home. However, it would be ideal for anyone looking for a holiday apartment, as there are many resort-like facilities available to owners and their guests. The "own use" policy in tourist residences is restricted to 60 days per year. More information about vacation rental services on request.

There is a gym, two swimming pools with a solarium and sun loungers, luggage storage, laundry service and parking. The Royal Suites is only a 10 minute drive from the beach and its bars, and a 15 minute drive from the world famous port of Puerto Banús and at least 6 golf courses within a 10-15 minute drive, and many more within a 45 minute drive. by car. . It is conveniently located for access to the A7 coastal road and the AP-7 motorway, with Malaga and Gibraltar airports each approx. 50 minutes by car.

Ideal as a holiday home for a couple or a small family and especially ideal for anyone who likes to play golf, sunbathe by the pool or visit any of the many beaches and beach bars in the area.

Penthouse, El Paraiso, Costa del Sol.
1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Built 57 m², Terrace 7 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Golf, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, WiFi, Gym, Ensuite Bathroom, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
