Safe and tranquil rock, ready to move into. 

To live in the charming heart of an Andalusian village, yet accessible by car, and coming with a garage: that is quite the unique combination. 

. Welcoming Village
. Bags of charm
. Amazing vistas around every corner
. Lots of tapas bars
. Walking country
. Well build property
. Garage

Here you are in the centre of the lovely village, very near to plaza, bars, barber, church, gym, public pool and more. 
Though the street is very quiet, and accessible by car. 

Downstairs you will find the front door and hall - and the garage of 100 Square meters, that can fit up to 4 cars. 

On the 1st foor, which is the floor to flee the heat and piercing sunlight, you will find the lounge-dining corner, kitchen, the first 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, a toilet, and a small patio in the middle of it. 

On the 2nd floor, which always catches the sun, you will find 2 more bedrooms, 1 bathroom, and 2 terraces - on one the back and one in the front - with very charming views. 

The house was built 10 years ago, which is the reason for it being so spacious and having a garage. It comes with fitted wardrobes of high quality, a laundry room, and corners for every season.

Located along the A366 Málaga to Ronda road is a charming whitewashed village adorned with potted plants and an imposing church mark the pretty town, which was once recognised as one of the most beautiful villages in Spain. 


Many old architectural features are still shown this day, like the big Moorish archway, which leads you into the village. The mountains and natural scenery of the great outdoors, provide a tranquil and relaxing environment. An ideal spot for a rural getaway or a family home! 

Alozaina is a classic Andalusian village, full of pretty streets and lovely neighbours. The village has plenty of tapas bars and bodegas with local products to enjoy. And then there are the beautiful mountain views… The ideal place to enjoy a true Spanish lifestyle. 


Alozaina is located 50 minutes (50 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport. The beaches of the Costa del Sol (Torremolinos) are a 45 minutes (34 km) drive away.