Magnificent and bright villa with pool on two linked plots.Located in a residential area at the exit of Coín

it is a quiet place with all kinds of nearby services (pharmacy, restaurants, bars, supermarkets, sports center, shopping center, shops, schools, institutes, hospital, etc. ).
Airport, Malaga, Marbella, Torremolinos and beaches @ 30 minutes by car.

Very spacious rooms with great light thanks to its generous windows and large windows. Cozy in winter thanks to its fireplace and cool in summer due to its marble floor.
The property is made up of two plots in one (500mtr2 + 400mmtr2).

It has a garden orchard area with fruit trees (orange, lemon, mandarin, fig, medlar, etc. ),
accompanied by a small tool house to store the garden tools
Pool area consisting of a very large pool in two Depths (children and adults), where you can make the most of it thanks to its barbecue area and kitchen made on site with electricity, TV and plumbing.
In this area you will also find the Pool Pump room, where the filter motors for the pool, cistern and water pressurepump for the home are located.

3-storey house with elegant, spacious, very bright and cozy style:
-Top floor composed of a main room with a full bathroom en suite,
two more bedrooms and another full bathroom.
The large terrace connects two of the rooms, with spectacular views of the pool and the mountains.
-Lower floor where you can find a bedroom, kitchen, toilet, large Sevillian patio, terrace overlooking the pool and a spacious living room with fireplace.
-Underground in basement floor that houses a bedroom, laundry area and large parking area.
Equipped with everything you need to even be able to build your own business in your home garage.

High speed internet connection with optic fiber.

To see more pictures, please do not hesitate to contact me."
inspection by appointment contact me today.

Detached Villa, Coín,
5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 501 m², Garden/Plot 889 m².

Setting : Town, Suburban, Close To Shops, Close To Schools.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Garden, Pool, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Near Transport, Private Terrace, ADSL / WIFI, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale.