Valtocado one of the most renowned and prestigious urbanizations   on the Costa del Sol nestled  in the Sierra of Mijas.  Here you will find some of the finest Villas  with spectacular panoramic views.

This Villa was  completed in 2012 and in excellent condition as new . The orientation of the house is to the south west and the roof is at a shallow angle which allows the house to be cool in the summer and warm in the winter reducing the amount of additional energy required to heat or cool it. The overall house  design is U shaped which shelters the front terraces from most winds. This allows for comfortable living throughout the year and helps the house achieve its BB energy rating.  Newgrange, Stonehenge and Tulum come to mind with the detail the Builder took when designing the house.  There is underfloor heating throughout the villa, gas oil and solar panels    All of this is easily controlled in the excellent machine room in the basement  area.

 The Villa  has 5 bedrooms , five bathrooms and a guest toilet, and is all on the one level another fantastic asset to this Property.   You enter the villa into  a nice  square hallway and off this you either go into the master bedroom with it's walk in dressing room, bathroom and large French doors with direct access to the pool area.  Again this bedroom has been orientated to allow for the best position  regarding light pending on the time of year.

Also from the hallway you can enter the into a room which can be used as  a 5th bedroom or a nice cosy sitting room/lounge  as it has a wood burner or even an office , especially nowadays  that Remote Working is the new fashion.  This room leads out to a little patio and also from this room you have another door which leads into the open  plan living area.

From the hallway you have another door leading into the large open plan area which has a  sitting/ dining room and kitchen area so you can create various different spaces and zones to suit your needs.   All of this area  leads out to the covered terrace and pool area through the numerous French doors.   The views from the villa are absolutely fantastic and panorama views of the Coast and the back drop of the Mountains of Mijas. 

Off the dining area you have access to 3 double bedrooms all ensuite with their own access out to a little patio area.

This Villa has been built as I said to a very high standard, double glazed windows with security glass 6.5mm and all patio doors have laminated safety glass on both sides.  All of them have an extra air cavity to gain maximum insulation and the window frames are thermally broken.

From the house you can access downstairs where you will find  the large garage with two remote controlled doors.  Here in the basement you also have the walk in Machine Room which controls the whole house and each item at an easy touch and well laid out.  Also in the basement you have another area which could be used at a Gym, Cinema, Pool Room etc.  There is a drive way through electric black wrought iron gates from the road directly into the garage. 

The Villa has plenty of outdoor space and all easily maintained.

Location as I said is in Valtocado and is only about a 5 min drive to Mijas Pueblo where you can drive down to the Coast in 10 mins to Fuengirola and access to the motor way to go to Malaga or Marbella 30 mins either way.  Also from Valtocado you can go in the opposite direction to Mijas Village and connect with the motorway at Alhaurin.  So even though  you enjoy pure nature and countryside you are not too far away from anywhere.

You can go down to the Beaches in Fuengirola, La Cala de Mijas  or Cabopino all within less then 30 mins drive.

For  Golfers, you are actually close to Alhaurin Golf and not too far away you can  drive down to courses like Lauro Golf, Mijas Golf, La Cala Resort, Santana, El Chaparral to name but a few.

Shopping also is not a problem as you have loads of nice little boutiques and shops in Mijas Pueblo or go down to the Coast again  to La Cala de Mijas, Fuengirola, or Marbella.

Malaga Airport only a 30 /40 min drive.  This makes the Villa ideal to live in all year round , use as a Holiday Home , even a good Investment for Rental potential.  Or as I have mentioned above the ideal place to now use as your home if you want to do Remote Working as the fiber optics are excellent in the area and so can work and enjoy life in the beautiful villa in the sun and only a hop to the airport if you have to fly off for any important meetings.  So many people are reallocating with this in mind, especially young families as plenty of schools close by both Spanish and International.

Finally, another point which may interest Buyers is that at present the house is in the name of an Irish Ltd Company with its cif number here in Spain.  It also owns the house next door which we also have For Sale.  Therefore, this is a fantastic  opportunity for an Investor to buy both Properties by buying the Irish  Company .  These are the only Properties held in  the Company so a good Investment opportunity.  Of course both houses can be bought individually and can be sold separately if you are interested in either one.  We can give you all the information required if need be.





