Gorgeous colonial traditional Andalusian style farmhouse located in the best part of San Enrique de Guadiaro, only five minutes from Sotogrande, the beach and all the Polo facilities in the area are literally on your doorstep, such as Ayala, which makes it ideal for those interested and professionals in this area of this sport or horse lovers and countrylovers in general. The farmhouse is a restored 17th century building of 2.5 hectares. The main house is approximately 450 years old. It is a very large main house, but still feels nice and cozy. This is a two-storey closed country house with a central patio, large gardens, parking area for numerous cars. It has an entrance hall with stairs to go up to the upper floor, library, piano room, living room with covered terrace, kitchen with an incredible size of 6x10 meters, pantry with patio laundry. Summer dining room for 14 people or more. Private pool of 6x15 meters. Cinema. Master bedroom with en suite bathroom and dressing room.
 3 double bedrooms with respective bathrooms and giving you lots of amazing views and natural light in every room. Games room. It is warm and inviting with the stone look and the wooden beams throughout the house. Also deveral rooms with beautiful fire places, every corner of this property has a special warm feeling.

Next to the main house there is also has a guest house with 3 bedrooms en suite, living room, kitchen and laundry room.

And another house originally for the service with 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, kitchen, laundry and garden.

Outside there is a large stables area with 28 boxes for (polo) horses. 25-meter training track, 300-meter gallop track. and 6 meters wide. 4 small enclosed fields, separate entrance and 6 meter wide parking area. It is an ideal property for horse lovers, close to leisure and with a village atmosphere. Here you don't need a car to go have a coffee, or why don't you also take your horse to have a coffee.
The Cortijo has the possibility of having energy level O through the use of solar panels and a heat exchanger.


•  Year of Construction 1830 reformed in 1990 by famous architect Marcos Sáinz, some parts of the house over 450 years old.
•  Total of 4 houses = 11 bedrooms 1
• Total of 4 houses = 7 Bathrooms 
•  Total surface approx. 1,183 m² 
•  Plot surface approx. 2.56 ha 
•  Terrace 135 m² 
•  Heating 
o Decentral heating

•  Floor type 
o Stone
AMENITIES AND SPECIAL FEATURES OF THIS HOUSE


o Accessible for wheelchairs
o Superb for horse / Animal / Polo lovers
o A Cortijo in a superb location with the ability to walk to shops and bars
o Beautiful Swimming pool
o Several Guest apartments
o Large Terraces
o Several Fireplace
o Very Large Built-in kitchen
o Beautiful Dining area with Fireplace
o Very Royal, this house is fit for a King/Queen

SAN ENRIQUE: LOCATION AND SURROUNDINGS OF THIS PROPERTY
Sotogrande is one of the most elegant and secluded residential towns in the southern Spain and covers an area of more than 2,000 hectares from the Mediterranean coast to the hills above. Located to the far west of the Costa del Sol just 15 minutes from the rock of Gibraltar and 20 minutes to the cosmopolitan towns of Marbella, Guadalmina and Puerto Banus.
Sotogrande is famous for its world-class golf courses, International polo tournaments and superb yachting marina with a refined choice of water sports.
Valderrama, possibly the finest golf course on the European continent, once home to The Volvo Masters and The Ryder Cup, as well as various other courses close behind such as The Real Club de Golf Sotogrande, Almenara and San Roque make this a true golfer's paradise.
With beautiful surroundings and stunning private residences, Sotogrande offers comfort, discretion and tranquillity. From independent stately villas, to sea-front apartments and frontline golf properties in the surrounding countryside – life here is exquisite.
Sotogrande continues to uphold its elegant flair and has always attracted the finest clientele from Spain as well as the rest of the world and offers something very special for everyone, from fine restaurants, nightspots and boutiques, to extensive sports and leisure facilities.
An excellent infrastructure with professional services, International school and all amenities close by compliment the unique quality of life here, creating the perfect place for a relaxing holiday or permanent residence.

When shall we have a ball? 
Phone us now to arrange a viewing to discover the beauty if this pearl in San Enrique de Tesorillo, life is to short, do it now – Contact: 616273378! We can also assist with different finance possibilities, do no hesítate to talk to our mortgage advisor to find the best way to fulfill your dreams now!
