Andalusian Villa located on a plot of 12,000 square meters. With a 3000 m2 garden, mature with some trees over 100 years old, close to schools and shops, with easy access to the highway and close to Malaga airport. 
The villa has an attached guest house, barbecue area and private pool. 
The main house, in a rustic Andalusian style, has a single floor. The living room has a fireplace and dining area. The kitchen is equipped with electrical appliances and a laundry area. An Andalusian patio with a fountain joins the main house with the guest house. It has 3 bedrooms, with fitted wardrobes, one of them with an en-suite bathroom and 1 separate bathroom. 
The guest house has two bedrooms, 1 full bathroom and a storage area, prepared for a kitchen.
The pool has a jacuzzi, hammock area and bathroom.
 In the garden that surrounds the house, there is a barbecue area, with a pergola with a dining area and barbecue. In the garden there are two outdoor bathing areas. 
There is a warehouse prepared for possible housing. 
The garden, pool, housing and warehouse area is fenced off from the rest of the plot, 9000 square meters. 
The house has registration for tourist rental. 
This plot is urban, it has many options, from a property to celebrate events (weddings, communions, etc.) to a future urbanization. 
Detached Villa, Alhaurín de la Torre, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 206 m², Terrace 20 m², Garden/Plot 12400 m².

Setting : Country, Village, Close To Shops, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Guest House, Storage Room, Utility Room, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Covered.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
