Beautiful Villa which is located in one of the most renowned and prestigious urbanizations on the Costa del Sol  known as Valtocado, nestled in the Sierra of Mijas. 
There is a really nice cosy , homely  feel to this villa as soon as you walk into it, which was built in 2003 by the Owner to a very high standard.  Walk into the Hall with natural light flowing through the windows which are spread over the two levels.  There is a fabulous wooden staircase which is the main feature which strikes you the minute  you walk in.

To the left of the hallway, you have the large open plan kitchen/dining and lounge area with an open fireplace and french doors which lead out to the garden.
Off  the kitchen you have a utility room, double bedroom ensuite  which can also be used as an office, again with french doors leading out the the garden.
Also off the hallway you have a large sitting room with open fireplace and yet again french doors leading out to the garden.  The hallway also has a downstairs cloakroom.

Upstairs you two double bedrooms, both ensuite and both of which have large terraces.  The breathtaking views from here are spectacular , perfect panoramic views as you can see down to the Coast, also the  backdrop of the the Mountains which are part of the Sierra de Mijas that are such a dominating  feature which gives you that Riviera feeling.   You would never be bored here just looking at the views and breathing in the fresh air.  It is such a natural and healthy environment.

The house was designed in a way that if you wanted to change your  kitchen and sitting rooms upstairs it can be easily done.

There is also a hot clothes press which you do not find often here in Spain and is very practical on this landing.
The villa also has direct access to the basement where you will find the garage which also has an unusual feature.  It has double automatic doors and one side is built with an extra high door to allow for a camper van. You can drive in directly from the street through the electric wrought iron gates and drive way straight to  the garage.  The gates and pillars also designed to perfection.

For those of you who like attention to detail, then check out the maintenance room where you will find everything to a high standard and easily laid out.  The Villa has  underfloor heating throughout, air condition , fibre optic, satellite t.v.  and many more features.  There is an alarm system thorughout the Villa.

The plot has 2,144m2 and built area is 320m2 so there is a possibility to extend the house at least another 90m2 if you wish too.
Another fantasic feature of this Villa is the Garden.  It has been well planned and again attention to detail in so far as the  landscaping is concerned.  You have 3 areas, one landscaped off  the living area of the villa with nice lawn, plants, trees ,  and fountain , to the side you will find like a secret garden with a lovely water feature, plants, sitting area , backdrop of the mountains.  It is paved with beautiful stone slabs.    It has also been calculated with the exact  measurements to practice Archery.  On the third side you have a large lawn area which would be the ideal place to build a swimming pool.  As the present Owner designed his Villa for Winter use he did not build a swimming pool, but, this area would be perfect.  In fact any of the area would be as they are all flat.

Location as I said is in Valtocado and is only about a 5 min drive to Mijas Pueblo where you can drive down to the Coast in 10 mins to Fuengirola and access to the motor way to go to Malaga or Marbella 30 mins either way.  Also from Valtocado you can go in the opposite direction to Mijas Village and connect with the motorway at Alhaurin.  So even though  you enjoy pure nature and countryside you are not too far away from anywhere, including the numerous golf courses and beaches famous to the Coast.

Finally, another point which may interest Buyers is that at present the house is in the name of an Irish Ltd Company with its cif number here in Spain.  It also owns the house next door which you can also see on our website, or ask us for information and we will send it to you.   Therefore, there is an opportunity for an Investor to buy both Properties by buying the Company .  These are the only Properties within the Company so a good Investment opportunity.  Of course both houses can be bought individually and can be sold separately if you are interested in either one.  Please ask us for more details about this if interested.