Beautifully presented contemporary villa with incredible views of La Concha mountain, located in a closed community close to all amenities and surrounded by the best golf courses Marbella has to offer. The villa is built on 3 floors with the entrance level featuring an elegant open plan formal living room with high ceilings which is adjacent to a comfortable sitting room with a fireplace to the right and a dining room to the left, both with access to the covered terrace. The terrace has two separate entertainment areas one for relaxing and another dedicated to al fresco dining and barbecuing. Down a couple of steps is the mature yet manageable garden with a heated pool and a tropical glass sauna. The dining room has access to the enclosed and fully fitted kitchen with a breakfast bar and views to the famous Concha mountain. In the right hand wing you will find three large en-suite bedrooms and a guest toilet. The top floor features a large Master Suite with a dedicated yoga/fitness room, a sizable en suite bathroom with a Jacuzzi, a walk in wardrobe and a private balcony offering views of the Concha mountain. On the fully finished basement level you will find a traditional wine cellar, a state of the art cinema room, an impeccably decorated games room with a pool table, a laundry room, two en-suite guest bedrooms, a machine room and a finished garage for 3 – 4 cars.

This magnificent villa offers an elevator through all three floors, separate hydraulic under floor heating in each room, individual AC/heating, a security system with cameras, a security guard from 09 pm to 07 am, Marfil marble flooring throughout, Traventiro marble in the Master bathroom and high end appliances in the kitchen. The price of this property includes the furniture. This villa is an absolute gem finished to the highest specifications delivering exquisite design and located in one of Marbella's most desirable areas, just 5 minutes from Puerto Banus and surrounded by some of the most prestigious golf courses in Europe, this property is an absolute must see!