Presenting Villa Vogue - Tropical Garden

Situated front line of the prestigious La Cala Golf Resort's Asia course, this stunning contemporary design villa exudes stylish elegance.
The single storey, L-shaped villa provides maximum ease of use and comfort with bespoke high quality materials throughout.
Access to the property is either via motorized gate or the feature pedestrian access gate. At this level we have a semi-basement area with double carport and single car garage.
Up the stairs flanked by mature vegetation we come to the impressive pivotal front door.
The entrance hall gives an immediate warm & welcoming feel due to its space and choice of materials. Via black steel & glass double doors we access the cozy lounge area with double height ceiling and electric fireplace. 
Large sliding windows on either side of the lounge provide access to terraces on either side with views of the golf course on the right side and the pool area on the left.
Further black steel & glass doors lead to the open plan kitchen and dining room. The kitchen is fully fitted with Neff appliances including an induction hob and extractor, oven, combi-oven, steamer and wine fridge. There is also a double fridge/freezer and dishwasher. 
From the kitchen there is also direct access and views to the pool area as well as a a covered side terrace with full stainless steel outdoor kitchen.

From the entrance hall we also have 2 guest bedrooms and a guest bathroom (walk-in shower & bathtub), all facing the golf course. There is a further office or smaller bedroom with pool view and another guest bathroom with shower.
The master bedroom has views to the pool area and an en-suite bathroom with generous walk-in shower.
All bedrooms have fitted wooden wardrobes and electric blinds.
There is also a handy separate laundry room.
Lastly, on the opposite side of the pool we have the pool house with separate entrance and en-suite bathroom.

The pool is finished with a Bali-inspired green natural stone and boasts a beach area and salt water system. 
Lounge areas surround the pool along the covered terrace areas as well as the feature sandbox fire pit area. From the entire pool area we have gorgeous open views to the Sierra de Mijas and surrounding nature.
The property offers great versatility and could be used as a luxurious holiday home or permanent residence with the ability to switch between 3 to 5 bedrooms.
The garden is lush and specifically designed for easy maintenance.

Extra features:
AC Hot/Cold
Underfloor heating throughout
Automatic curtains and blinds
Salt water pool system