Villa Cala Golf 44 is an ultra-modern luxury villa in La Cala Golf, one of the most beautiful and attractive locations on the Costa del Sol - La Cala Golf Resort in La Cala de Mijas. It is just 10 minutes from the beach, 20 minutes from Marbella and 30 minutes from Málaga Airport. 

The villa is standing on a large plot of 1474m². Thanks to its hilltop location it offers complete privacy and panoramic stunning views over the green hills of La Cala de Mijas and the Mediterranean Sea. The villa has a perfect south orientation.

This villa in La Cala Golf is distributed over 3 floors and has 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. The spacious open-plan interiors with large windows, that are leading to the large terraces outside, have been specifically designed to offer a choice of sunny and shadow areas all day long and in every season. 

On the ground floor there is a spacious living room with double-height ceiling and panoramic windows, cozy open fireplace, an open-plan kitchen, fully equipped with top brand appliances, a guest toilet and 2 guest bedrooms with a shared bathroom. 

On the first floor there is a master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a spacious walk-in dressing room that has a spectacular terrace with views over the green hills of Mijas and the Mediterranean Sea. There is also an additional guest bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a private terrace overlooking the sea.

In the basement level there is a laundry room, a guest bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a multifunctional room that can be used as a gym, home cinema theatre, wine cellar, etc. These rooms can also be transformed into an individual apartment if necessary. The garage offers parking space for 2 cars.

The indoor space of the villa seamlessly connects with the outdoors thanks to the large covered and uncovered terraces and the beautifully landscaped garden with the infinity swimming pool that offer an oasis of complete peace and tranquility with impressive views over the countryside and the Mediterranean Sea.

Waking up in this luxury villa in La Cala Golf will undoubtedly give you the feeling that the whole world is at your feet. Enjoy the diversity the Costa del Sol has to offer with the maximum comfort and well-being that you deserve.
