. Beautiful and spacious Penthouse apartment in Coto Real, Duquesa, now being sold fully furnished. This Penthouse is located in a gated resort with 24 hour security for peace of mind and within walking distance to all amenities and the well known Puerta Duquesa Marina with its Restaurants, Bars and shops. The Penthouse is in an elevated position in the building and affords fantastic sea and golf views.
It has been finished and furnished to a very high standard and is ideal for permanent living or a profitable holiday rental business. The large living room is very bright with plenty of light thanks to the triple patio glass doors that lead to the large south west facing terrace and when the sunshine gets to much you also have a sheltered north facing terrace on the other side of the lounge. The kitchen is fully fitted with Bosch appliances and you also have a full utility room.
The master bedroom has patio doors onto the main terrace and lovely views, the ensuite bathroom is spacious and includes a Jacuzzi bath. The second bedroom also has patio door access to a terrace with a south aspect and sea views. A family bathroom is shared between bedrooms two and three and finally you have Bedroom three which has its own private terrace facing west.
All of the rooms are very spacious and the property has ducted aircondition hot and cold. The owner has included controls to operate the Aircondition for the bedrooms seperate to the Lounge and dining room area which save power and money. You also have a log burning fireplace in full working order which has neve been used. This property is now offered as fully furnished so the buyer could walk straight in. The Urbanisation has a choice of seven swimming pools throughout the community plus Padel tennis court
This property has two parking spaces and private storage room
 Penthouse, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 150 m², Terrace 100 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Town, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, WiFi, Paddle Tennis, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Luxury, Contemporary.
