REDUCED PRICE: NOW EUR 695.000,- , BEACHSIDE, SAN PEDRO, MARBELLA

Beautiful  3 bedroom corner penthouse apartment in, Los Arqueros Beach,  one of the most popular urbanizations in San Pedro, Marbella


Property:
Modern beach side penthouse with 3 bedroom  apartment with a fantastic private terrace in San Pedro de Alcantara, Marbella.
Modern and comfortable, the apartment has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, an open plan, fully fitted kitchen and access from the lounge to a wonderful open terrace where one can bask in the sunshine, Fiber optic, Scandinavian and some English Channels, BBQ.
The bedrooms come with plenty of wardrobe space and the two bathrooms (one en-suite to the master bedroom) .The apartment is fitted with high quality fixtures and finishing, marble flooring throughout, double glazed windows for energy efficiency and hot & cold air—conditioning. The apartment also comes with an underground parking space.

Complex:
Constructed to the highest quality, this new beachside residential complex of just 48 apartments is ideally located on the beachside of the new San Pedro de Alcántara Boulevard.
The complex has a good sized community pool with plenty of green space to relax and enjoy.
Just a short walk from the beach with is wide beachside promenade and minutes from the centre of San Pedro de Alcántara with its numerous shops, bars, cafes and restaurants, the complex is just 5 minutes from Puerto Banús and 10 minutes from the center of Marbella. It is surrounded by wide avenues, with cycle lanes as well as the bustling boulevard.
A quality complex in a great location and with extraordinarily good prices.

Area:
San Pedro de Alcántara is a thriving town located just 10 minutes West of Marbella yet has retained its small town charm despite a considerable rise in popularity and facilities. 
10 minutes from Marbella, 5 from Puerto Banús, 10 minutes from Estepona and 45 minutes from Malaga or Gibraltar airport, it occupies a fantastic location in the middle everything yet quiet and relaxed.
The central point of the town is the recently finished Boulevard de San Pedro. A long and wide walkway, with footbridges, cycle paths, an amphitheater, fountains, plenty of play areas, 3 good bar/restaurants and with regular events and street markets, the boulevard has rapidly become the place to go for San Pedro residents and tourists.
From the boulevard a pedestrianized street stretches north to the church square with its pretty local church. The street is lined with dozens of cafes for watching the world go by as well as popular and fashionable bars such as La Sala and other more Spanish tapas bars. With plenty of shops, banks, supermarkets as well as gyms and health and beauty facilities, everything in San Pedro is within a 5 or 10 minute walk down its winding streets.
South from the boulevard, along a wide tree lined avenue is the beach, with a wide and long promenade with an equally spacious beach. With plenty of beachside bars and restaurants - "chiringuitos" – it's a popular place on a summer day and at the weekends in the warm and sunny winter days.
San Pedro also has the distinction of hosting the last summer fair (feria) in Andalucia, celebrating its patron Saint during the second week in October.
Within a short drive is the small white village of Benahavís and the beauty of the Sierra de Las Nieves and Serrania de Ronda natural parks, with plenty of hiking and mountain biking trails as well as pretty white villages and fantastic scenery.
A refreshingly un-spoilt town, with recent developments only adding to the excitement and appeal of the town, San Pedro de Alcántara is one of the most demanded locations on the Costa del Sol for property sales, long term rentals as well as being hugely popular due its convenient location as summer holiday destination.

The Boulevard:
Finished in Late 2014, this part of San Pedro has become the heart of the town. With many new areas and amenities for the family, this new recreational area is constantly busy and is ideally located for some of the more popular eateries in San Pedro. A long and wide walkway, with footbridges, cycle paths, an amphitheater, fountains, plenty of play areas, 3 good bar/restaurants and with regular events and street markets, the boulevard has rapidly become the place to go for San Pedro residents and tourists.
From the boulevard a pedestrianized street stretches north to the church square with its pretty local church. The street is lined with dozens of cafes for watching the world go by as well as popular and fashionable bars such as La Sala and other more Spanish tapas bars. With plenty of shops, banks, supermarkets as well as gyms and health and beauty facilities, everything in San Pedro is within a 5 or 10 minute walk down its winding streets.

Nueva Alcántara:
Nueva Alcántara is the newer zone to the beach side of the coast road underpass. It has been developed for houses shops, restaurants, hotels. There is a padel club and gym and cafe in the centre. The seafront promenade is a popular location, South from the boulevard, along a wide tree lined avenue is the beach, with plenty of beachside bars and restaurants - "chiringuitos" – it's a popular place on a summer day and at the weekends in the warm and sunny winter days.
San Pedro de Alcántara is one of the most demanded locations on the Costa del Sol for property sales, long term rentals as well as being hugely popular due its convenient location as summer holiday destination.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

Puerto Banus - 3 KM

Marbella - 10 KM

Estepona - 10 KM

Benahavis Village - 20 KM

Ronda - 60 KM

Gibraltar - 60 KM

Granada - 200 KM

Penthose, San Pedro de Alcántara, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 94 m², Terrace 90 m².

Setting : Town, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina.
Orientation : East
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Urban, Street.
Features : , Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Near Church.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes.