CURRENTLY UNDER RENOVATION

A luxurious home situated in the tranquillity and privacy of Sotogrande Alto.  Ten years in the making and built to the highest standards, this is much more than a home, it is a work of art.

The main house is set over two levels with a total of 6 bedrooms, 6 bathrooms, study, cinema room, kitchen with dining area, additional kitchen with pantry for extra catering, laundry, dining room, main living area and semi basement. 

A grand entrance hall with a spectacular curved marble staircase leads you to the upper level,  also accessible by the lift.  The upper level has two bedrooms, where you will find the master suite with living area and dressing room, with detailed hand painted finishes on walls and ceilings. The fixtures and fittings throughout this home are of the highest qualities  

The semi basement homes the most exquisite entertainment area with hand painted murals and golden ornate statues decorating the Egyptian lounge and cocktail bar.  On this level you also have a further two guest suites, decorated in fitting with the ancient Egyptian theme and a modern gymnasium. 

Could there possibly be more to this already fabulously unique home ... now to the 'pièce de résistance'.  From the Egyptian lounge you have entry into a miniature replication of Her Majesty&#039;s Theatre London, complete with royal boxes and seating for 50 guests. Set up and ready to host the classic stage show of Phantom of the Opera, a personal favourite of the owner and designer of the is magnificent property.  Here you will enjoy producing your own stage performances, hosting small concerts or use this amazing space as a cinema as it is also equipped with projector and full sound system.

Having the A7 accesible makes travel easy, with Málaga airport an hour drive and Gibraltar reachable within 20 minutes.   Local hot spots such as Marbella and Puerto Banús are only 30 minutes, and the exclusive port of Sotogrande with its stylish bars and restaurants, world renowned golf courses and polo fields are on your doorstep.