Available Now!!! Two Bedroom Apartment with superior fittings, finishes, and the beach on your doorstep.

Welcome to Lar Bay the residential complex Torrequebrada number 1" In the municipality of Benalmádena.
This elevated ground floor apartment has a built area of nearly one hundred square meters with a spacious terrace and glass walls offering  uninterrupted views of the sea.
It consists of a living room-dining room-kitchen, two bedrooms, two bathrooms and an open terrace.
The apartments offer superior quality design materials and high-end
The designer bathrooms come with marble tops and best brand vanities. The kitchens have top range appliances, quartz countertops and provide plenty of storage in their wall and floor units.
All homes have hot and cold air-conditioning throughout, fitted wardrobe units (all lined) and full installation of home automation and connections for telephone, internet and television.
fittings in all homes.
Large glass walls that rise from floor to ceiling open up to join kitchen and living spaces with outside terraces. Special thermo- acoustic glass insulates the interior to perfection.
Top quality large porcelain tiles cover all floors, non-slip in the bathrooms and kitchen, also with wall tiles by leading international brands. Lacquered wooden doors reach full height.

This is a sustainable development. The project includes the most efficient energy-saving and insulation measures, power points in the parking spaces, bike parking facilities, etc.
Temperature control in properties is via reverse-cycle hot and cold systems and homes have extraction and aeration in place for ventilation.

Middle Floor Apartment, Benalmadena Costa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 100 m², Terrace 25 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Sea, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale, Contemporary.
