Welcome to this Exceptional , Recently built, Three Bedroom Contemporary Smart Villa at Cerros del Aguila.
Nesting in the hills above Fuengirola and La Cala De Mijas, Cerros del aguila boasts a beautiful location on the Costa Del Sol and just few minutes inland from Fuengirola. Fuengirola offers one the longest seafront promenades in Europe, lined with bars, restaurants, shops ..

A Modern, Spacious and Smart house :
The whole villa is controlled with voice functions, Eiiiii Siri, Indirect ambient lighting, Illumination of the silhouette of the house, (minutes before arriving at your house, a light diffuser with the silhouette of your villa will be turned on).

THE MAIN FLOOR is an Open concept, with separate areas of: living room, dining room and kitchen, with South-south-west orientation and Sea and city views.
- Top quality porcelain floor, sand color according to technical team design.

COMFORT AND CLIMATE
Independent air conditioning control in each room of the house. -Radiating floor-Air filtration and regeneration system
HOME AUTOMATION
Smart home, Designo Premium A +++ Switches and Sockets, Control from anywhere in the house or in the country - Total consumption control, Multi International Plug

INFINTY POOL
Made of natural turquoise tile, being natural it captures the heat of the sun Integrated lighting in the application. Perimeter benches + 2 floors, A + air conditioning system by Mitsubishi aerothermal, Infinity design, Polyurea waterproofing Natural stone, Aerothermal air conditioning, Underwater window on measure

LIFT:
Elevator for 6 people, 450 kg, up to the solarium, totally silent, works even without light

Solarium
100 m2 in a unique environment, Real views, No road noise,

AIR CONDITIONING
DAIKIN ALTERMA INVERTER AEROTHERMAL, zone control, independent thermostat in each room, integrated into home automation and voice control.

RADIANT FLOOR Uponor * (Uponor installation and pipes, ORKLY manifolds because they are made of steel and higher quality than Uponor)
Natural ventilation system in all rooms,
Forced electric ventilation for wet areas and kitchens

GARDEN & POOL
Infinity pool, made of reinforced concrete, compensation tank 1000.L, Imported turquoise natural stone Inverter air conditioning A +++, Garden and plant areas with drip irrigation

GARAGE & ELEVATOR
Sectional swing door 6 meters long by 3.5 meters wide Natural lighting openings, Fast charging point for electric vehicles (fast charge 360v) Elevator 6 people, disabled access 450kg

The BASEMENT, 100 m2 approx, will be finished rough. They will have the necessary pre-installations for electricity, water. The basement has natural lighting and ventilation

For the off plan Villa:

Reservation Fee 20.000€ Buy the plot
Client becomes the developer
Sign Turn Key contract 30.000€
Payment includes:
- Cleaning of the plot if necessary - Topography study
- Geological study
- Architect project
- 3D images
- Quantity surveyor study
- Health & security study
Start building 20%
Once the license has been granted, construction starts.
Monthly payment & Finance
The rest of the payments will be made per month, with all completed progress demonstrated by building certificates.
Once you have paid the plot, with a good credit history, it is quite simple to obtain a self-developer mortgage to finance the building costs.
Completion
Construction completion time of 10-12 months.
Once the villa is finished, we manage the final utility connections and first occupation license for you.

Detached Villa, Cerros del Aguila, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 500 m².

Setting : Suburban, Close To Golf, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East, South East.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Private, Heated, Room For Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Pool, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, ADSL / WIFI, Games Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Marble Flooring, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Easy Maintenance.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Contemporary.
