Unique townhouse to fall in love at first sight, located in the "barrio Santana", the historic and most protected part of the village in the very heart of Mijas Pueblo, flowered narrow white streets and small typical squares… one of the jewels of the Costa del Sol, is this beautiful little village perched 400 meters in the mountains above the coast. The property is beautifully presented with it llounge cocoon, 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom and charming equipped kitchen open onto  an enchanting  courtyard with state of the art outdoor jacuzzi for 5 people: guaranteed crush!!! On the other side of the courtyard, is another pretty bedroom with its little covered terrace (possibility for a shower-room).  And that's not all: there's also a beautiful roof top sundeck with a pergola housing a summer dining room with BBQ and sunbathing area. The property has been renovated with fully moisture-proof, new kitchen, new air-conditionning (hot&cold), solars panel... This property is all about charm, soul and location; situated close to all the shops, restaurants and facilities of the village, this townhouse is highly recommended for those looking for an investment opportunity and/or to to live the Andalusian way of life, while still being very close to the vibrant cosmopolitan coast. . 
This truly charming, typical Andalusian townhouse, is nowadays the typical highly demanded property type for holiday rentals (Airbnb, booking, TripAdvisor…)
Must be seen!
3 Bedroom | 1 Bathroom | Built area: 75m2 | Courtyard: 25m2 + 69m2 roof-top solarium | Orientation: S  | Outdoor whirlpool

Airport: 20 min drive - Mijas: The property is right inside the pueblo - Fuengirola: 10 min drive - Golf courses: 12 min drive - Beach: 12 min drive - Amenities: 4 min walk - Public Transports: 4 min walk

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date.  Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

