"GREAT 4 BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE WITH SPECTACULAR SOLARIUM OF 25m2 WITH SEA VIEWS.

WITH 2 FLOORS + SOLARIUM + BASEMENT (GARAGE CLOSED IN BOX) + STORAGE ROOM WITHIN THE SAME PROPERTY.

Great spacious and bright CORNER Townhouse with the following distribution:

On the MAIN FLOOR we find an entrance porch, then an entrance hall, independent kitchen + large laundry room, it is furnished and equipped with appliances,
Large living room with access to a private outdoor terrace with great views of the sea where you can enjoy the outdoors for barbecues, including a built-in barbecue.
1st FLOOR: There are 4 exterior bedrooms, 2 bedrooms have sea views and 2 complete bathrooms (1 bathroom en suite).

On the UPPER FLOOR (SOLARIUM): we can find a SPECTACULAR SOLARIUM OF 25m2 approx. with fantastic views of the sea and the mountains. Solar panels.

OUTSIDE: Covered porch, barbecue area, garden or terrace.

Fantastic semi-detached house located a short distance from the Center of Arroyo de la Miel and 3 km from the beach (7 minutes by car).

It is located in the municipality of Arroyo de la Miel, Benalmádena, for people who like the sea, this is the ideal place to live because it offers 2 km of coastline with 8 beaches It has 3,180 hours of sunshine a year that make it enjoyable from the sun, the sea and all the nautical, hiking and nature activities on offer.

Near the House there is a wide range of restaurants, supermarkets and all the necessary services to live comfortably.

Its perfect SOUTH orientation means that the whole house has natural lighting and its inhabitants can enjoy fantastic views of the private garden area OR TERRACE WITH SEA VIEWS.

The rooms are very comfortable and spacious. It has 4 double rooms, all exterior. Also its 2 bathrooms and 1 toilet are equipped with all the details.

The kitchen is independent, bright. With Rustic lines, it is a room that is perfectly equipped to cook comfortably and have all the utensils well distributed, and its large laundry room gives the house a large additional space.

The living room is undoubtedly a place to relax. Through the windows you can access the area that can be most attractive for people, which is its outdoor area.
The house has a terrace and porch area with a table and armchairs to rest and enjoy unique moments.

The house is in perfect condition to move into. As for the infrastructures, it has the necessary characteristics to be comfortable at any time of the year. It has air conditioning for the hot months in the living room and bedrooms.

The house also offers a large garden area and community pool, a storage room within the same property to keep everything perfectly tidy, and a private garage in the box within the same property. The entire property stands out because in addition to being spacious and well oriented, the qualities with which the house is built are excellent with very good finishes.

It has good communications and all kinds of benefits and services.

The communications, educational, commercial, health, sports and public transport equipment (, buses, taxis, etc ...) is very good. The demand for this area is high.