VFT/MA/47941 Middle Floor Apartment, La Cala, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 85 m², Terrace 25 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, ADSL / WIFI, Gym, Sauna, Utility Room, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Holiday Homes.
Brand new modern spacious apartment within easy walking distance to La Cala, with a large supermarket across the street.. This apartment is located on the 1st floor overlooking the swimming pool, the terrace faces southwest and benefits from sea views and mountain views. 
This modern community offers lift access to the apartment and underground parking area where you will find a private parking space. The community grounds are one of the best in the area with a very large outdoor swimming pool with lots of space, sunlounges, and a outdoor bar area, where you can enjoy afternoon drinks.
For the cooler evenings or winter months the community offers a indoor heated plunge pool, a jacuzzi and sauna. There is a small fitness centre with a selection of machines and weights which can be used free of charge. 
The apartment has 2 double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms one of which is ensuite. Both bedrooms and the lounge area lead out onto the spacious terrace, where you will find a seating area and a dining area. The whole apartment is very well equipped offering a smart TV, hairdryers in both bathrooms, UK plug socket and a safe.  The kitchen has everything you will need with modern new appliances.

This property is the perfect choice for a relaxing holiday.