BIG drop in price, from 2.5!  Wonderful country estate (horses), 6 dorm, very close to Sotogrande.

Montenegral is located in the heart of the Horse Valley, a name which is not surprising in a landscape of green fields and Mediterranean forests, Cork trees and Orange groves.  It's common to see horse riders along the innumerous tracks due to the 12 polo fields in the surrounding area.  Plus the beautiful and semi abandoned Eiffel Bridge (yes, the one of the Tower).  All of this, pure countryside, exactly 15 minutes by car from Ke in the centre of Puerto de Sotogrande.

This property is less than five minutes walking from the exquisite Hotel Spa Finca Monasterio.  It has a total surface of 17 Hectares (42 acres), with a main house of 16 years old, well maintained and with an internal surface of 300 sqm, all on one floor, for many a true luxury.  It also has ample terraces, a swimming-pool and several other annexes, including 6 horse boxes (the owner has had as many as 18 horses at a time free in the fields)

The property has its own well and wáter storage capacity of up to 30.000 litres.
It is connected to the general electric supply aswell as an individual system of solar panels.

When you reach the house, half way up a slight hill, you access directly into a very large living and dining area with a chimney and high ceilings.  This leads onto an ample porch and pool area enjoying panoramic views of the countryside… and only the countryside.  On one side of this ample living space there are three large bedrooms with two bathrooms.  On the other side is the master bedroom with en suite and walk-in closet.  A door leads to the service area:  large kitchen with two additional rooms and bathroom, which could have many  purposes (staff, storage, office etc,…). Overall can be up to six bedrooms and four complete bathrooms.  We kindly suggest looking at the 3d video incorporated which allows one to move freely inside the house.

A specialist property meant for someone who really loves the countryside, dogs and horses… if you belong to this group, it is very likely you will adore it.  We are ready to show you.


