This is a fabulous, well-presented, three-bedroom apartment located in Los Gazules de Almenara, in Sotogrande Alto.  The apartment has spectacular golf views overlooking the Almenara course.  This urbanisation is very well maintained with three communal pools and communal gardens.

The property is built to top quality specifications with lovely high ceilings, fully fitted wardrobes in each bedroom, hot and cold air-conditioning throughout, and a fully fitted kitchen.  There is lots of outdoor space with both covered and uncovered terrace areas.

As you come in through the main door, you come to a nice entrance hall.  From here you can access three key areas; the kitchen and utility room,   a wing leading to the bedrooms, and the main living area.  In the entrance hall, there are a few built-in storage cupboards.  This is very useful and especially practical for anyone wanting to live here permanently.

The main lounge-diner is large with an open fireplace.  There are balcony doors leading out onto the terrace.  There is a covered and uncovered terrace.  The covered terrace has glass curtains so you can sit there and dine come rain or shine.  In the winter, the terrace becomes your conservatory and in the summer the glass curtains open up completely so that you can enjoy sitting al fresco.   You walk out from here to the uncovered terrace - perfect if you fancy sunbathing or sitting out on a summer's evening whilst enjoying a glass of wine.

The kitchen is spacious with granite countertops and a breakfast table. It has a number of windows giving it lots of natural light and character.  The kitchen also has a separate utility room.

From the entrance hall, there is a corridor.  Here you have a guest toilet and three large double bedrooms, all with ensuite bathrooms.   The front bedroom has a private terrace - the perfect sunny spot to sit in and read a good book.  The second bedroom leads out to an enclosed terrace. This is a lovely, bright room which can be used as an office or studio.  There are glass curtains that can be completely opened out  - walk straight out from here to the uncovered terrace to sit and enjoy the frontline lake and golf views which are simply breath-taking.  The master bedroom leads out to the main terrace. The apartment comes with 2 spaces in the underground parking and a separate storage room.

Los Gazules is a beautiful, sought-after, gated community that is excellently maintained with three communal pools and gardens. It is a very short walk away from Sotogrande International School and very close to La Reserva Club and 'The Beach' in Sotogrande. The Almenara Golf Club and newly refurbished 5-star SO/ Sotogrande Hotel with its Elysium Spa is only minutes away.  Sotogrande is well known for its world-class golf clubs including Valderrama, which is also in close proximity.  Sotogrande Marina with its cafés and restaurants is also just a five-minute drive away. 

A fabulous property in a truly fabulous location!  Come View with Me!