Luxury Mediterranean palace with 16 bedrooms: Main House, Guesthouse, Staff House, located in El Paraiso Alto, Benahavis, surrounded by the best golf courses in Costa del Sol!

The Main Villa
The main house has 3 floors and a separate entrance lower level.
The entrance hall of the main floor takes you directly to an enormous, beautiful living room that is connected all around with a beautiful and amazing terrace that leads you to the swimming pool.
The living room, dining room area and relaxation area with a bar are all in the same open space, the kitchen is separated but also has access to the same terrace that surrounds this part.
One bedroom with a private bathroom and dressing room is located at this floor and has an opening to the lovely terrace as well.
The top floor of this main house has 4 bedrooms.
2 master bedrooms with private bathrooms and dressing areas and another 2 which share the same bathroom.
They all have private terraces from where you can enjoy the lovely garden and views of the mountain and sea.
-Lower level-
There is a separate entrance at this main villa that has a lower level.
It has an en-suite bedroom facing to the pool site.

-Guesthouse-
The second house of this ranch is a smaller villa which can be considered as a guesthouse, with 3 floors.
The entrance of the house takes you to the main floor which has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, private dressing rooms and terraces.
This side of the house is connected to the swimming pool shared with the main villa.
The living and dining room area are situated at the basement level.
There is a separate dining room and living room plus one spa room.
The top floor of this smaller villa has the master bedroom with a huge bathroom, dressing room and chill out room.
It also has a spacious terrace that allows you to view amazing panoramas.

-Annex-
The last house of this amazing ranch is actually a annex considered as staff apartments. These are 3 Apartments, 1 on the lower part and 2 on the upper part. 

Nearest facilities:
Golf course: 3-5 minutes
Beach: 7 minutes
Restaurants: 4 minutes
Shops: 5 minutes
Airport: 55 minutes
Marbella Puerto Banús: 14 minutes
Marbella town: 19 minutes

About the area:
El Paraiso Alto is a municipality of Benahavis located high on the hill offering spectacular views to its residents overlooking the coast and numerous golf courses. El Paraiso is well communicated with only a 10' drive to the beautiful Benahavis with a wide gastronomic offer and the charm of its typical Andalusian streets. The closest beach in San Pedro Alcantara can be reached within 5' and the heart of all entertainment – Puerto Banus – is just a 10' drive away, providing you with a variety of shops and restaurants and anything you might need in your day-to-day life. In addition, El Paraiso is located in a close proximity to 18-hole El Paraiso and Atalaya Golf Courses as well as tennis and paddle courts. For a reason, this peaceful but well-connected area is considered one of the prestigious locations in Marbella.

Interested? Contact us for more information and visits!

Ask us about our services: airport transfers, hotel reservations, tax identification number applications, opening bank accounts, as well as recommendations for lawyers, tax advisors, residence management, and Golden Visa applications.



