Beautifully traditional family villa in frontline golf location in El Paraiso. 

This extraordinary villa set in mature, tropical gardens, boasts four main bedrooms with three bathrooms, plus staff apartment, plus guest annexe. 

As soon as you enter the villa, you can't help but notice the high beamed ceilings and detailed wooden carpentry which features throughout. The welcoming entrance hall leads in different directions to the bedrooms on the mezzanine upper level, to the kitchen, utility and staff apartment, to the living room and to the office. There is also a guest cloakroom accessible from this entrance hall. 

The large kitchen is perfect for a family with room for a dining table, lots of workspace and great natural light. From the kitchen you can access the formal dining room or living room, as well as the separate utility and staff apartment. 

Most striking in this villa is the hall like living room with very high ceilings, huge fireplace and four sets of double doors leading out to the terrace. This room really is spectacular and very spacious, currently accommodating several seating areas and a pool table. From here you can walk back around to the entrance hall via the tv room and wood paneled office. 

Upstairs there are two double bedrooms sharing a bathroom, a guest bedroom with ensuite and a very large master suite with dressing room and luxurious bathroom. This suite also has its own private terrace overlooking the garden and pool. 

Outside, the wrap around garden is divided into different areas including an orchard, the pool, and a children's play area. The garden is wonderfully mature and tropical in style with views of El Paraiso Golf fairways peeking through the trees. The garden is a really oasis of calm and great for relaxing, entertaining and family playtime. 

Also from the garden you can access the guest annexe which comprises a double bedroom, sitting room and bathroom. 

The villa has been fitted with air conditioning to complement its real fireplaces. There is a sophisticated alarm system with exterior sensors for extra peace of mind.

This extraordinary rustic style villa is a must visit for those seeking a family residence in Spain. 
