This spacious villa with private pool has a fantastic location in a very quiet Urbanization of Benalmadena Costa , only 10mn walk from the marina and the beach. 
Built over 2 levels, it's like 2 houses in one as you have 2 different accesses for the ground floor level and the first floor level which could make it an ideal investment if you want to use half of the house as a holiday rental for example or just use it for friend and family visitors giving them and yourself total privacy.
On the ground level, the house consists of a large entrance giving access to a nice living-dining room with fireplace leading a southeast facing covered terrace and the lovely garden and pool totally private and not overlooked. There is also a built-in barbecue next to the pool. On that same level, there are 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, all exterior, and a bright fully fitted kitchen with an annexed laundry-room. Just next to this laundry room is the second door giving access to the staircase and to the first level of the house where you'll find another kitchen, a nice living-dining room with wooden ceiling and a fireplace, a terrace overlooking the pool accessible from the living-room and the large bedroom with built-in wardrobes. There is another bedroom actually used as a nice dressing room and on the other side of the living-room, there is a spacious and bright office. From the terrace, you can also access the pool and garden thanks to an outside staircase on the side of the house. On the other side, you also have access to an open terrace where are the solar panels thatprovide all the hot water for the house. From here, you can enjoy some sea view.
The house also offers a garage for 2 cars plus an extra carport for 2 more cars which is also separated if you want to split the house in 2, gas central heating and A/C in the main living-room and master bedroom. 
Thsi is nice family home with lot of potential in a great location offering tranquility and being so close to the marina and the beach at the same time. Countryside and town at the same time! You have to visit it to appreciate all its potential.