Spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment located on a 2nd floor with a lift in the centre of Fuengirola (Plaza de los Niños) 

It is a very bright south facing apartment located in a quiet area, located 1.6km from the beach (20 minute walk) 

It has a ‘L' shaped living room with access to a private terrace and a fully fitted spacious kitchen with an independent utility room. 

The property offers a private parking space and a storage room under the building. There is access from the lift on this floor directly to the apartment. 

The property is located 550 metros from Carrefour and is also very close to the train station. 

It is presented in very good condition, but some modernization would be required. 

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.