A plot with designs for a 4 bedroom 4 bathroom villa with 3 bedroom guest house and staff accommodation. 

A family home within a natural setting with landscaped gardens. Offering privacy and elevated security in an established residential area. 

The house has a unique design where modern and traditional  materials are combined and integrated into its surroundings. Interiors that blend into the exterior living areas and that offer a wide variety of usage for family and friends but very well suitable for year round living in the main house. 

The house will feature unparalleled amenities throughout. No matter what that reflects your mood-of-the-moment. No matter where your relax, you'll be surrounded by the best in materials, finishes, fixtures and design touches you'd expect in a home this complete.

The terraces offer large water surfaces and access to the infinity pool. The porches are covered by glass with water laminates.

The gazebo offers a separate lounge area at the south side of the property in the summer shade or evening sun one can enjoy the peacefulness against the backdrop of the la Concha Mountain.












Plot with stunning design for a 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom luxury villa with a 3 bedroom Guest house and staff quarters. 

The house offers various intimate corners where one can relax and enjoy. All zones are connected and give direct access to the exterior terraces.

The main house has very ample living spaces consisting of a lounge area, open kitchen and an easy access to terraces and outside living spaces. Exterior terraces are covered by porches with water laminates and extensive water surfaces are combined with the landscaped gardens.

The first floor of the main house is reserved for the main bedroom, bathroom and walk-in closets and an additional 2 bedrooms with their private bathrooms and terraces. The guest house disposes of 3 bedrooms each with its ensuite bathroom.

The basement of the main house features a full spa and pool area, gym and multi purpose room. Natural light is filtered through the windows of the English patios and those that shed a view through the exterior pool.



