Truly stunning four bedroom villa with simply stunning panoramic views over a large private garden to the sea towards Gibraltar and North Africa. This spacious villa benefits from a large private infinity pool or 35m2, set within a very private garden totalling 740m2 of completely flat usable area! The property is rented during peak periods and as such is meticulously maintained, furnished and decorated the present owners. 
This stylish and modern villa is distributed over three levels - on the ground floor (entrance level) there is a large lounge with an offset dining area. The lounge is furnished with a large L shaped sofa, 44" TV and and fireplace. The dining area is furnished with an extending dining table with eight dining chairs. Both the lounge and dining area lead out to the beautifully manicured garden, terrace and pool area, complete with sun beds and furnished with a large dining table and chairs, lounging area and gas BBQ, all set within a mature and beautifully maintained garden with olive trees and many tropical plants. The large modern kitchen is fully equipped and also leads out onto the spacious covered terrace area . On this level is one of the spacious bedrooms fitted with a super king size bed plenty of wardrobe space, direct access to the terrace area as well as a very spacious en suite bathroom with both bath and walk in shower. Also on this floor is a guest WC. Take the stairs to the upper level and there you find three further bedrooms. The master bedroom suite is beautifully furnished with a super king size bed and offers a small sitting room area furnished with a chaise lounge and another fireplace. There is also a separate large walk in wardrobe area. Both the guest bedrooms are again very spacious, stylishly furnished with two single beds, both have extensive closet space, large en suite bathrooms and access to the upper terrace. Downstairs to the basement level there is a separate utility room and the internal access to the garage. Here you also find an underground garage with space for at least three vehicles. The villa has a full security system, vented hot and cold air conditioning throughout and all bedrooms have access to a terrace, each with incredible views. An absolute must view villa with some of the best views you will find on the southern coast of Spain!