INCREDIBLE Top Floor Modern Apartment Solymar Marina area of of Benalmadena.  Construction finished only 4 years ago, all mod cons, furniture included, underground parking space with room for storage.  No Communal Pool. 
Very private as only 2 Apartments per floor and a penthouse (9 apartments in total and only 4 levels high)  Secure key operated Elevator included.  Porcelain floor tiles.  Master Bedroom Ensuite.  Beautifully bright and airy with large windows all the way around with mountain views.  Open plan kitchen into the living room.  Nice size terrace off the kitchen and living room and also small size terrace off both bedrooms for 2 chairs and a table.  This is a massive investment opportunity for Rental Returns, as it is just behind the Marina of Benalmadena and also with an underground parking space.  Tourist Licence in place also.  Excellent holiday home also.  Top quality finish.  This OPPORTUNITY should not be missed as you will not find a property as new as this just behind the Marina!  Walking distance to all amenities and and centre of Marina in 2 minutes!

Top Floor Apartment, Benalmadena Costa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 62 m², Terrace 7 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Beachside, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Close To Skiing, Marina, Close To Marina.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Pool.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.

In decree 2182005, of October 11, which approves the regulation of information to the consumer in the sale and lease of homes in Andalusia, the client is informed that the notarial, registry, ITP, or financial and other expenses inherent to the sale are not included in the price. VAT not included.
