In my opinion the most impressive, front line golf villa with the most stuning views.  Situated on the popular Mijas Golf Urbanisation.  This is a fantastic location for golf enthusiasts and families alike with bars, restaurants and two 18 hole courses (Los Lago & Los Olivos www.mijasgolf.org) within walking distance of the villa.  Lively Fuengirola with its long sandy beach and numerous bars and restaurants is only 10 minutes' drive from the villa and the quaint whitewashed town of Mijas is also a short drive away.  Mijas Golf is one of the most sought after locations on the Costa del Sol because of its brilliant location and close proximity to all this wonderful coastline has to offer, and with the reopening of the 5 Star hotel Byblos which can boast guest such as Princess Diana, its only set to become more saught after.

This superb Villa consists of 5 large bright and spacious bedrooms with panoramic views and are all ensuite, the property is air conditioned throughout and has several bright and spacious living areas with a wonderfully presented and well equipped kitchen.  The large lounge area is the perfect place to socialise with friends. 

The upper terrace is the perfect place to sit and soak up the evening sun as it slowly sets over the horizon. 

For those looking to keep fit there is a gym area with mirrored wall this area also has a steam room/turkish bath.

There is also a self contained private apartment with its own entrance and patio area
Of course most of your time will be spent outside soaking up the Spanish sunshine on one of the many terraces. The pool has Roman steps to for ease of access easy.  There is a lovely covered terraced area adjacent to the pool that is perfect for dinning.  The villa also has a grassed area with some fruit trees and well hidden solar panels. 
Detached Villa, Mijas Golf, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 6 Bathrooms, Built 480 m², Garden/Plot 1293 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East, South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Golf, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Gym, Sauna, Guest Apartment, Guest House, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing, Staff Accommodation.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Parking : Private.
