WELCOME TO THE BRAND NEW PROMOTION OF 3 LUXURY MODERN VILLAS BORDERING THE NATURE IN MONTE BIARRITZ, NUEVA ATALAYA, ESTEPONA!

PLEASE, DISCOVER OUR VILLA  MAR!

EXPECTED TO BE FINISHED BY JULY/AUGUST 2024!

Many of the new clients who discover Costa Del Sol will be looking for a peaceful, private and family oriented property location, which at the same time will be close to nature and yet within minutes drive from shops, schools, restaurants and other amenities.  The area of Monte Biarritz offers excellent connections to Benahavis, San Pedro Alcántara, Estepona, Puerto Banús and Marbella town within a fifteen-minute radius. 

Our project of 3 new quality modern villas is the perfect choice for these newcomers due to its quiet location on a cul-de sac street, its spacious and well organized open-plan living space, its 4 perfectly fitted en-suite bedrooms (1 of the bedrooms in the lower basement level) and its cozy private garden/pool area… 

All this, just on the edge of the natural world! 
All this, just five minutes drive from the beach, shopping centres, restaurants, schools and golf courses!

THE DESIGN:

The villas offer a modern choice of architectural design with a lot of natural light solutions, which perfectly fits them within the permanently modernizing neighbourhood and the green environment.

THE QUALITIES:

The interior spaces have been attentively planned to offer comfort and quality to the new home owners. The main focus was made on the use of the well known innovative design, high tech features and unbeatable quality of "Porcelanosa" materials, which is today a major reference in both the Spanish and the International market.

THE APPLIANCES:

Not only do "Bosch" appliances fit seamlessly with any kitchen but the performance and reliability of its high-quality products also perfectly complement its users daily routines. We chose "Bosch" for its features and functions, which make every day easier and more enjoyable.

THE COMFORT:

Although we have one of the world´s best climates, winters can also get sometimes a little chilly. Our villas offer an under floor heating solution throughout the ground floor and the first floor level, which creates an effortless cozy barefoot winter feeling and undeniable modern luxury extra to the new style home. 

THE PARKING:

Because the car is one of the most prized possessions of any family, it is a great investment to keep it safe. Therefore, we chose to install a carport for 2 cars as a parking solution. We consider that a carport can be at the same time beautiful and unobtrusive addition to the property.

VILLA MAR:

On the ground floor we find: an open plan living, dining and kitchen space with outdoor terraces, a small storage room, a guest bathroom and the guest en-suite bedroom with its private terrace.

The first floor is distributed in a Master bedroom en-suite with it spacious private terrace and the second guest bedroom with its own bathroom and a balcony.

The roof floor offers a spacious solarium area with a pre-installation of a built-in Jacuzzi. There are some partial sea views from this level.

The basement level in these villas presents a third guest bedroom with a small natural light window, a gym and cinema room space, and a storage room. 

There is a private pool, garden and the carport for 2 cars.

PRICE: 1.585.000 EUROS