NEW BUILT PENTHOUSE WITH 3 BEDROOMS IN JADE TOWER IN THE CENTER OF FUENGIROLA

Discover a true gem of luxury in the heart of Fuengirola, full of life, charm and possibilities. This is an exclusive complex with 116 apartments in a prime location:  only a stride away from the beach. The concept of the project has been studied in details to offer all the modern facilities requested in today ́s life, together with outstanding outdoor areas and large terraces to enjoy the authentic laidback Mediterranean lifestyle. At Jade Tower, you will truly discover the life you deserve. A selection  of  modern  and  smartly  designed  apartments  of  1,  2  and  3  bedrooms,  beautifully integrated within the surroundings. 

A PRIVILIGED LOCATION

The project is conveniently located in a prime area of Fuengirola, in the center of the Costa del Sol. Known internationally as a prime holiday
destination, Fuengirola offers a privileged access to Malaga and the airport only 20 minutes away to the east, as well as Marbella to the west. The ever-growing city is home to many nationalities and its leisure activities are suited for all ages, offering a large array of choices to cover all preferences. The many outdoor activities in the area include golf, water sports, swimming, horse riding, tennis, mountain hiking to name some but a few. The sea at your feet:  the complex is located only 100 meters from the beach yet enjoying the urban lifestyle of being withing the city center.

CONTEMPORARY ARCHITECTURE

This is an extraordinary residential complex, of contemporary architecture and sustainable construction. It comprises a total of 116 luxury apartments and penthouses, with garages and storage rooms, only 100 meters from the beach. The modern architecture breaks with the past and bets on innovation and progress. The architecture and construction are work of art, and they both should act as powerful sources of inspiration for today ́s society. The project is set to change the city skyline of Fuengirola and become part of its great community.
