Fantastic semi-detached house recently renovated in August 2021 with a modern style private garden located in an exclusive area of Marbella close to all amenities

The house is located in a luxurious urbanization surrounded by tropical gardens, an artificial lake and small waterfalls. 
It has a magnificent community pool. 
A unique paradise in the heart of Marbella! Ideal for those looking for a location close to all services but also space and privacy. 
Very close to ave. Ricardo Soriano, the main avenue and commercial hub of the city and just 800 meters walking from the promenade and the beach.

The villa is located in the center of Marbella.
It is just 5 minutes away from Playa de Venus, Puente Romano and Casablanca Beaches.
Aloha Golf, Marbella Golf and Santa Clara Golf are just a few minutes away.
Malaga Airport is half an hour away and Gibraltar is 47 minutes.
All distances refer to driving.

The villa is built on 3 floors.
It has 5 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms.
It offers sea and mountain views from the lovely top floor terrace.

From the entrance there is a large hall that connects the rooms together.
It has a lovely living room and dining room area.
The garden is easily accessible from here and it is connected to the gateway towards the pool.
The kitchen is fully furnished and equipped and it is separated from the living room but it communicates with both hallway and dining area.

Top Floor
3 bedrooms are located on this floor.
The master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a private terrace.
2 bedrooms with one shared bathroom and access to the lovely rooftop terrace.
The rooftop terrace offers a large relaxation area where you can install a barbecue and other leisure things.

Underground floor
This area has one large room that turns into 2 rooms.
These rooms can either be used as separate bedrooms or a large game room, living room, any other activities room.
It also offers 2 private bathrooms.

The house is fully wired. 
All rooms have direct internet connection which makes it perfect for professionals. 
Satellite dish and sliding mosquito nets throughout the house.

Three parking spaces