This brand new Penthouse with very spacious terraces and solarium is located in Finca Cortesin, a 215 hectare estate surrounded by unspoilt countryside and centered around 4 areas: an award winning 5* luxury hotel, championship golf course, excellent spa and sports facilities and a beautiful beach club. And so a unique resort in one of the most quiet and desirable resorts on the Andalusian coast, not far from the picturesque village of Casares, and less than 5 minutes from the beach.

Entering the penthouse from the entrance hall you have a bright open plan living and dining area overlooking the beautiful terrace and the panoramic unique sea views. The main terrace (117 m2) is spacious and an ideal cozy place to relax. Here you can enjoy a sublime sea views, and you also have a view on the port of Estepona. The open kitchen with breakfast bar and built-in Siemens appliances has everything you need for exclusive dinners. Next to the kitchen there is a laundry room with washing machine and dryer. There is also a solarium (116,16 m2) with 180 degrees panoramic views over the entire coastline and 5* Golf of Finca Cortesin. There are 2 spacious bedrooms and each bedroom has an en-suite bathroom with shower and toilet. Both bedrooms have large sliding glass doors with direct access to the terraces. The apartment has a spectacular panoramic view through the large terrace with glass balustrades, so that you can fully enjoy the view of the sea, the mountains and the surrounding nature. The complex where the flat is located offers tropical gardens, an infinity pool and 24 hour security.

Indoor garage with 2 large parking spaces and a private storage room included.

This penthouse is the perfect match if you are looking for an exclusive and luxurious property in the great area that Costa del Sol offers with a short drive to Estepona (12 min), Sotogrande (15 min) and Marbella Puerto Banus (30 min) . Finca Cortesin is known worldwide for offering one of Europe's most unforgettable golf experiences. The harmonious relationship between the natural Mediterranean landscape and the surroundings on the resort's world-class 18-hole championship course makes it the most attractive in Spain, and as a result has been rated one of the best golf courses in Spain, including by the prestigious Golf Digest magazine.

* Fiber optic internet * Electric shutters in the bedrooms * Air conditioning with air zone (adjustable per room) * Washing machine and dryer * Parking space * under floor heating in the bathrooms * Music system that can be connected with Bluetooth *towel heaters *rain dance showers in both bathrooms *pre-installation of sunscreen awnings on all main windows *pre-installation and construction for rooftop jacuzzi *full integrated Prosegur alarm and camera security system.
