Fantastic semi-detached villa just 200 meters from the beach, in Benalmádena Costa!
The best thing about this house is without a doubt its location next to the beach in one of the best areas of Benalmádena Costa, with all the services around it, on a quiet residential area.
And of course the house has everything so that you can enjoy it as your permanent residence, your vacation home or even as a vacation rental investment, with demonstrable high profitability!
It is a semi-detached villa with a 400m2 plot and 500m2 approx. built, distributed over 4 floors; with a total of 5 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms.
Entrance floor has hall, a cozy living room with fireplace, a porch and terrace from which you can access to garden and pool area. On this floor we also have a fully equipped independent kitchen, a bathroom and a bedroom.
On the first floor we have 2 large en-suite bedrooms with a terrace overlooking the sea and another terrace with mountain views.
On the upper floor we have a bedroom suite with a terrace and a  small indoor pool with sea views.
On the ground floor we have a separate guest apartment, with 2 bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom, fully equipped. Besides there is also a separate bedroom, with its bathroom and a laundry room where you access the house. Both the apartment and the bedroom have direct access to the garden area, where you can enjoy the Jacuzzi and its heated pool, with total privacy, surrounded by tropical trees and beautiful flowers. There is a chill-out and barbecue area where you can enjoy with friends and family.
This house offers you a lot of privacy and tranquillity, with high quality materials. With air conditioning and heating.
With private garage and parking for 2 cars.
Due to its magnificent location, this is the ideal home to enjoy a spectacular vacation and offers you a great investment opportunity. Only at just 2 minutes walk from the beach, with supermarkets and good restaurants nearby. Malaga airport 15 minutes

Video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoGtT35uyRA
