Would you like to live just few steps from the beach, feel the waves at your terrace and enjoy your own roof top solarium, look over the rooftops and feel the sea breeze? This exclusive penthouse apartment is located in one of the finest new builds called "The Wave Collection". It's only 25m from the sea side promenade, enjoying spectacular sea views of the Mediterranean sea and conveniently located between Fuengirola and Benalmadena in the most prestigious residential areas in the region. A top luxury property to enjoy all year round in an excellent location close to everything.

The property has a big open living room and kitchen looking directly towards the sea. There are two bedrooms. The master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom, but there is also a second guest bathroom. You can access the big terrace with an astonishing sea view both from the living room and from your master bedroom. Stylish glass staircase takes you to the rooftop terrace where you find a massive area with room for endless possibilities for your outdoor life under the sun. The rooftop has a jacuzzi and an amazing outdoor kitchen and loads of space for a luxury chill out area. The area is partly covered by a big pergola, and one could glass that area in order to created a covered chill out space. Only high quality building materials have been used in this development. For your convenience, there is an underfloor heating in the bathrooms and fibre optics internet cable connection. It's an ideal place to work distantly and enjoy outdoor life.
This home also enjoys a home automation and energy efficiency management system installed with the following features: Intercom, floding detector with automatic water stop, smoke detector, notice of electronic supply cut, heating and aircon cut. 

The community consists of only 72 high-end properties and there is an amazing pool area, luxury lobby and a private business area for residents. The Wave beach club is just next to the property and has a heated swimming pool where you can swim all year round. You can find paddle, tennis, spa and gym at the Hilton Hotel Resort. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and you can enjoy both Benalmadena and Fuengirola beach promenades. The property comes with two underground garage spaces. It also includes a storage room. The location is excellent next to the beach. You can also find the Carvajal train station some 100m away, where you have the electric train taking you conveniently to the airport or the buzzing Malaga City.