This superb 547m² villa with a large 2000m² plot is perfect for those who value the quality of life, modern style and a stunning location with breath-taking views. Due to south orientation your property will enjoy panoramic views over Andalusian mountains and valleys, the majestic symbol of Marbella La Concha, green golf courses and the Mediterranean Sea all the way towards the Strait of Gibraltar and the African coast. The property that offers simply the best of the Mediterranean lifestyle

Ultimate in luxury, eco-friendly and low maintenance contemporary style house has been designed to maximize the sense of privacy and blend into the natural surroundings of beautiful El Paraiso Alto with elegance and class. The main floor features a large living area, an open plan fully fitted kitchen and a dining area, 2 bedrooms with en suite bathrooms and a guest toilet.
Direct access leads to the wonderful covered and open terrace with a huge dining table for big family or friends.
The upper floor hosts 3 bedrooms: A master suite with a separate dressing area and a private bathroom with stunning views, and 2 guest bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms. A huge terrace with amazing views offers chill-out, sunbathing or watching the stars before going to sleep.
On the ground level of the villa, we find a gorgeous landscaped garden an amazing pool and a Steam sauna right next to the Bar and chill-out area.

This state-of-art villa comes tastefully furnished in modern style, with a fireplace, an abundance of glass and exquisite architectural elements, sophisticated lighting, contemporary staircase, air-conditioning and underfloor heating (latest technologies), 2-car garage and a carport for 4 to5 cars.
Stylish and fabulous! Built to high standards, with easy access to local amenities, this quality residence can become your perfect family home and a great investment as well.
The location is ideal, within an exclusive residential community El Paraiso Alto in the peaceful valley of El Paraiso (meaning 'paradise') with the backdrop of the iconic La Concha, picturesque Sierra Bermeja mountain range to the north, and the sparkling blue Mediterranean to the south. They don't call it paradise for anything! It is a lovely established neighbourhood known for the beauty of nature, security, tranquillity and quality of life in a totally private environment surrounded by several golf courses. At the same time, it has the advantage of being just a few minutes drive from the buzzing nightlife and glamour of Puerto Banus, all the amenities of the coastal resort Estepona and lovely San Pedro. It is close to beach clubs, 5-star resort hotels Kempinski and Las Dunas. Proximity to tennis clubs, international schools, shops and restaurants makes it the perfect choice for those who seek convenience on their doorstep.