Penthouse Reserva del Higueron..
The apartment was built in 2018 in Reserva del Higueron and called Collection Hill. In the Reserva del Higueron you will find the Nagomi spa which offers various treatments and hairdresser as well as relaxation areas. The resort also offers a fitness center, tennis courts and paddle courts (fees apply) 3-4 restaurants including a Michelin restaurant. There is a free daily "train" from Reserva del Higueron to Fuengirola beach / town and the shopping center at the top of the resort. The train is free to use Penthouse Reserva del Higueron is a penthouse furnished in Boheme style and forms a wonderful setting for a fantastic living/holiday. The home contains a fully equipped open kitchen. Lovely open combined living / dining room with large windows to the terrace, the windows can be pulled aside so that the living room opens up to the terrace, the living room is equipped with electric blinds to shield from the sun if desired ???? Large sunny terrace with an unspoiled view to the Mediterranean, the coast and Fuengirola as well as the mountains in the background, on the terrace you will find a jacuzzi from which you can enjoy the bubbles and the view, sunbeds, hammock and long table with accompanying chairs. 2 bedrooms with wardrobes and access to the terrace. 2 bathrooms. hot and cold air conditioning as well as fiber internet. 2 private parking spaces

Today the penthouse is being used as a investment and holiday home for the owner and rented out on holiday rentals as well through a danish company Malaga Holiday Homes

Benalmádena

Benalmádena is the name (of Moorish / Arab origin) of the municipality that houses three geographical areas: ‘Benalmádena Pueblo', ‘Benalmádena Costa' and ‘Arroyo de la Miel'. There are about 68,000 registered residents in the area, but to this must be added a large number of visiting holiday tourists during the summer season, and a large number of Northern Europeans living partly in the area during the winter, in their own or hired homes. This includes a big group of resident Scandinavians as well as a large community of Brits. And it is with good reason that Benalmádena gets so many visitors, because the area really has something to offer its guests.

Benalmádena Pueblo is the cozy village, situated in the mountains just off the coast – with a fantastic view of the coastal area and the Mediterranean below. A town that exudes Spanish charm, Andalusian houses and small, winding streets. Many Northerners have found way to this tranquil and idyllic village, either as frequent holidaymakers and even as residents. Benalmádena Pueblo is also known for the castle ‘Castillo Colomares'and the Buddhist Stupa, the largest Buddhist temple in Europe. The ‘Pueblo' – as Benalmádena Pueblo is often called –  has a really good selection of delicious eateries, fine restaurants and cozy tavernas that can be found everywhere in the city's charming streets.

Benalmádena Costa is situated on the beautiful coastline between Málaga and Fuengirola. This is where you will find the fine Mediterranean beaches, which attract holidaymakers from all over Europe during the hot summer months. The long and beautifully constructed beach promenade is the ideal place to go for a walk along the beach – and the place where you will find all types of restaurants, ‘chiringuitos', bars and small shops. Here on the coastline you will also find plenty of hotels and comfortable holiday homes for hire.

‘Puerto Marina' is the large and impressive port and marina of Benalmádena, which docks large yachts in the marina's inner harbor – and a impressive selection of restaurants and shops on the land side. The marina offers boat tours into the bay, as well as short ferry trips to the port of Fuengirola. It is also here at ‘Puerto Marina' that you will find the large aquarium ‘Sea Life Benalmádena', which gives visitors access to an impressive display of fish and marine life.

Arroyo de la Miel is centrally located between the beach and the mountains, a densely inhabited area with a more modern feel to it as well as many international holiday homes and holiday apartments. The place is known for its theme park ‘Tivoli World' and the enjoyable cable car (‘Teleferico') leading up to the mountain Calamorro behind the town where you can enjoy impressive views of the sea and Gibraltar. Between the center and the beach, you find the wonderful park ‘Parque de Paloma' – a charming green area with small lakes and ‘wildlife' as exotic as the chickens and rabbits. A lovely place for the whole family, not least the little ones.

Arroyo de la Miel offers good gastronomy with plenty of Spanish and international dining options as well as a variety of bars and cozy cafes for an evening out in the city. Pedestrian streets in the city center provide plenty of shopping opportunities for the shopping lovers. It is also here in Arroyo de la Miel that the local train station connects the coastline between Fuengirola and Málaga, and with direct connection to Málaga's international airport.

Benalmádena provides the whole palette of offers for a nice holiday or a longer stay all year round. From the village atmosphere in the mountains, to a more modern and international