The Main Village
The main house has three floors and a lower level with a separate entrance.
The main floor entrance hall leads you directly into a huge beautiful living room that is connected throughout with an amazing terrace that leads out to the pool. The living room, dining area and relaxation area with a bar are in the same open space.
 The kitchen is separate but also has access to the same terrace that surrounds this part.
A bedroom with private bathroom and dressing room is located on this floor and also has an opening to the beautiful terrace.

The top floor of this main house has four bedrooms.
Two master bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and walk-in closets.
They all have private terraces from where you can enjoy the beautiful garden and the mountain and sea views.
Lower level
There is a separate entrance to this main villa which is on a lower level. It has a bedroom suite that overlooks the pool.

Guest House
The second house on this ranch is a smaller villa that can be thought of as a three-story guest house.
The entrance of the house takes you to the main floor which has two bedrooms, two bathrooms, private dressing rooms and terraces.
This side of the house is connected to the pool shared with the main villa.
The living room and dining room are located on the lower level.
There is a separate dining room and living room, as well as a spa room.
The top floor of this smaller villa has the master bedroom with a huge bathroom, dressing room and sitting room.
It also has a large terrace that allows you to see impressive panoramas.

Annex
The last house on this incredible ranch is actually an annex considered to be staff apartments. There are three apartments, one in the lower part and two in the upper part.

The house is surrounded by lush mature tropical gardens with huge lawn areas, an oversized private pool with terraces and sundeck, private garage parking and driveway parking.
A unique opportunity to acquire a relevant property, whose plot is private and secure. In short, a very special property for a demanding client.
* Hospitality and Leisure License available for Boutique Hotel Project.