Exceptional 5-bedroom villa with unobstructed views of the sea and the golf course, with a garden and private pool and several "chill-out" areas in a very quiet residential area perfectly integrated into nature.
It is an original modern villa with two clearly differentiated spaces and with independent entrances. The main house, which is accessed through an oriental-style entrance, has a total of 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, 2 of them en suite. The master bedroom is located at the same level as the entrance and has a large dressing room, a large en-suite bathroom and a private terrace with sea views. On a lower level we have a large living-dining room on two levels, a beautiful modern kitchen with a large laundry room, a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a magnificent interior terrace/patio which is accessed through both the dining room, the kitchen and the bedroom. In the basement we find a large open space in which there is a large living room and a gym and on the sides two bedrooms and a bathroom. From the terrace there is access to the main garden where there is a large swimming pool and various chill-out areas, all with a perfect south orientation and magnificent views of the sea and the Cerrado del Águila Golf Course.
On another level we have a complete apartment of more than 80 m2 totally independent with a second complete kitchen, a living room and a large bedroom with bathroom "en suite" and separate dressing room. Finally, on the side of the main entrance is the covered parking area with enough space for 2 vehicles.
The Villa is located in a very quiet residential area of ​​Mijas next to the Hippodrome and the Cerrado del Águila golf course and a few kilometers from the center of Fuengirola and Cala de Mijas and therefore from all services such as shopping centers, schools , supermarkets, bars, etc.
In summary, an original modern Villa with a great design and plenty of interior and exterior space, with a perfect location and orientation and with magnificent views and great potential as a vacation rental home or as a regular home for a large family and all at a very competitive price.