Finca built on a well situated, private, entirely flat plot. Ideal for children.

The property is distributed as follows:
Main entrance floor with rustic style: attractive covered terrace with dining table and barbecue area. Living room with wood burning stove, with equipped american kitchen. There are two bedrooms and one bathroom on this level.

The ground floor has an independent entrance at garden level (as of listing the floors are not connected, however provision is in place for an external staircase and door to the lower corridor to connect both floors). There are currently two very large bedrooms and a modern bathroom plus a hallway and corridor that can be used as a storage room or open the end wall to the outside where the staircase leading to the upper floor would be fitted. One of these bedrooms could easily be converted into an open kitchen with a dining area and thus have two independent dwellings.
The large windows downstairs make the most of the garden and feature electric, ventilated blinds, for security, sun protection and air movement.

The property in very good condition, downstairs is newly completed and unused with fitted wardrobes in one-bedroom, double glazed windows on the ground floor, electric gate, underfloor heating and wifi controlled heaters throughout. The property has a robust and stable Internet connection, the current owner works from home.

Exterior: Beautiful fully fenced garden with cypress trees to the borders with 100% tranquillity and privacy. There are two concrete bases, both with electricity and water supply adjacent. Prevision for the installation of a Jacuzzi and the other for an above the ground pool. It has fruit trees, olive trees, a woodshed and a storage shed, which has water and electricity supplied to it. The property has mains electricity and the water supply is from the town hall.

Panoramic views of the Sierra de las Nieves mountains and the countryside.

The access to the Finca is excellent and with a recently paved road to the entrance of the property.

Plot 3.030m2. Total built size 145m2. Upstairs 60m2 plus covered porch of 25m2 and the ground floor 60m2. Woodshed 3,89m2
IBI 242,54€ per year. Rubbish 15,68€ per year.
Year of construction 1994.

Distances:
Asphalted road 270 meters.
Bus stop 270 meters.
Coin 6.7km.
Marbella 31km.
Fuengirola 33 km.
Malaga Airport 39km.