A mere 20 minutes' drive from Gibraltar and its international airport, this is a perfect holiday or second home being part of a secure, gated complex. 24 hour security provides peace of mind whilst the design provides breath taking views to the rear from the enormous 70 square meter south west facing sun terrace. Accessed down, via lift or stairs,  from the quiet approach road, this mid-floor apartment provides the ultimate in peace and quiet yet lies just a few minutes drive from the Mediterranean sea.  San Roque Golf Club has 2 excellent restaurants, and a boutique hotel with gym  opening soon. There are also tennis courts and an equestrian centre. A short 10 minute walk to the commercial centre means you can enjoy an Italian restaurant, a cafe, and a mini-market for shopping.

Approx 170+ sqm built double glazed and airconditioned accommodation perfect for year-round living, with the advantages of electric roller shutters and mosquito blinds for all windows.
A premium quality frontline golf apartment of over 170 square meters with a huge west facing private rear terrace. The views from the terrace out across the countryside are spectacular - especially in the evening as the south-west-facing terrace enjoys stunning sun sets!! The apartment forms part of a select development within the highly regarded San Roque golf club and therefore lies within a few minutes' drive of both Sotogrande itself, and the equally famous Valderrama golf course. 
.
* Hallway *Large living-dining room, *Independent kitchen / breakfast room, *Master bedroom with en-suite bathroom and array of wardrobes,* Guest bedroom with shower room. * Useful walk in store / dressing room  *Underground parking plus extra parking to exterior and store included. *Located in a private urbanization with 24 hour security, equipped with large communal garden areas, tennis court and community swimming pools nearby. Golf buggy friendly development, possible to use the buggy throughout and leave the car parked! With local shops close at hand for all daily needs, this spacious apartment lies close to the beach and with the costa del sol's tourist and leisure centres at Estepona, Marbella and Puerto Banus all within a 40 minute drive offering a 24 hour lifestyle to enjoy - and then to leave and retreat to this oasis of calm and tranquility nestling just a few kilometers from  Africa and Gibraltar.  The climate is therefore much envied, with 330+ days of sunshine each year and the most temperate in Europe.

Gibraltar Airport offers daily flights to the UK and Europe and lies around 20 minutes' drive.
Malaga to the north provides further international air connections and is around 1 hour 20 distant by car.