Luxurious villa located in one of the best urbanizations in Alhaurín de la Torre, on one of its main avenues and close to all kinds of services and communications. 
The house is built using the best qualities with the highest materials, with 300m2 built on a plot of 959 m2. 
It is distributed in three plants. 
On the main or ground floor it has a very large living room with a dining room with an area of ​​nearly 70 m2, open spaces with large entrances of light and access to the garden area, a large kitchen with a dining area, fully furnished with designer with top-of-the-range appliances, courtesy toilet. 
The upper floor has 4 large bedrooms, with fitted wardrobes and two bathrooms, one of them en suite with a Jacuzzi. 
On the basement floor, we can find a living room with a bar area, a full bathroom and a sauna, and a laundry area. In this basement you can make a complete apartment with independent access to the outside. 
From the main floor there is access to a garden area of ​​about 700m2 with different terraces, a barbecue area with a full kitchen next to a magnificent 30-cubic meter pool, a relaxation area with a Balinese bed and a tool room. 
The house has air conditioning in the living room, heat accumulators, solar panels and a motorized cistern. 
It is located in one of the best urbanizations of Alhaurín de la Torre, Cortijos del Sol, with beautiful parks, recreation areas, community pool and easy access to the main road and the highway, close to supermarkets, bars, shops, schools, facilities sports. 

Detached Villa, Alhaurín de la Torre, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 301 m², Garden/Plot 959 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Mountain.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Gym, Sauna, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Jacuzzi, Bar, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Basement.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Entry Phone.
Parking : Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
