This is a sustainable luxury development of 18 individually designed villas situated in the 200-hectare country club estate of Real de La Quinta. Surrounded by magnificent countryside which borders a UNESCO Biosphere reserve, the villas are just 15 minutes from Marbella. The views, towards the Mediterranean Sea, the Straits of Gibraltar and the coastline of Africa beyond, are simply breathtaking.

World Class Design: These design-led homes will be quite unlike anything that has gone before. All of the 18 villas, as well as the furniture and fittings in them, are different from each other. The commonality they share, aside from the marvellous views, is that all are of the highest standard of design and all display a level of innovation and creativity rarely found in residential developments. The domotics and general illumination is world-class, making each villa a truly smart home. All villas are positioned for maximum privacy on individual plots, have large terraces, ample gardens, true Infinity pools and bespoke spaces that can be used for entertainment rooms, gyms and home offices.

Inside/Outside Living: This concept is central to the design of each villa, with the lounge and terrace seamlessly merging into one expansive living space. In key parts of the villas the windows disappear into the walls, framing the undisturbed, panoramic views of the idyllic natural surroundings.

Everything on your doorstep: All the creature comforts you could possibly need are on your doorstep, including golf, water sports on the lake, a gourmet restaurant, a bar and chiringuito, an exclusive spa, tennis courts and a selection of shops. These amenities, combined with the extensive facilities in each villa, mean that owners never need to leave the resort unless they want to. 

Sustainable Luxury: Building for today without endangering tomorrow is a core value of the project, which is in the process of BREEAM certification. The design enhancements brought by this assessment result in sustainable homes that enhance the well-being of the people who live in them, help protect natural resources and make for a more attractive property investment.


Villa, Close to Golf, Furnished, Fitted Kitchen, Parking: Carport, Pool: Private, Garden: Private, Facing: Southeast
Views:  Africa, Garden, Gibraltar, Hills, Panoramic, Pool, Sea, Surrounds.
Features  2 Parking Places, Basement, Conveniently Situated for Golf, Covered Terrace, Dining Area, Fireplace, Fitted Kitchen, Fitted Wardrobes, Garden, Garden and Pool View, Gated Complex, High Ceilings, Living room, Luxury Fittings, Mountain View, Near amenities, Private pool, Private Terrace, Recreational Lake, Sea Views, Smart Home, Sports Facilities, Swimming Pool, Tennis Court, Terrace, Walking Distance to Cafés, Walking distance to rest., Walking distance to shops.