This magnificent estate, set against the backdrop of the Sierra Bermeja mountain range, exudes peace and tranquility yet is only an 8 minute drive from the beach and amenities.Built around a central Cortijo style courtyard it has been finished to an extremely high standard by the current owners.
The property is built over 2 floors and a basement with travertine marble floors throughout offering 5 bedrooms, 2 of which are situated in the separate self contained guest apartment, which also has an office/6th bedroom.
The spacious lounge and dining room of the villa open out onto a terrace which overlooks the superb ozone heated infinity swimming pool and from where you can enjoy the stunning panoramic views. A separate TV room is situated alongside the lounge and leads through to the beautiful and spacious high quality kitchen/breakfast room which has access to a gorgeous west facing terrace from where to enjoy the evening sunsets and mountain views.
The basement has a wine cellar, games room and a very large garage for 5/6 cars.
The extensive grounds boast a putting green, vegetable garden, private water well and an orchard with 50 different types of fruit trees!

Additional features include ducted hot/cold air conditioning, electric underfloor heating throughout, automatic irrigation, an alarm system.

This is truly a stunning and unique property which must be seen to be fully appreciated.

Villa, Countryside, Fitted Kitchen, Parking: Garage, Pool: Private, Garden: Private, Facing: South and West
Views:  Africa, Breathtaking, Countryside, Garden, Gibraltar, Hills, Mountains, Panoramic, Pool, Sea, Surrounds.
Features  Air Conditioning, Air Conditioning Hot/Cold, Alarm System, Automatic Irrigation System, Basement, Close to all Amenities, Covered Terrace, Dining Area, Disabled access, Excellent Condition, Fitted Kitchen, Fruit Trees, Games Room, Garage, Garden, Garden and Pool View, Guest Apartment, Gym, Heated Pool, Landscaped Gardens, Lounge Dining Area, Luxury Fittings, Marble Floors, Mountain View, Office, Private pool, Private Terrace, Quiet Location, Salt water pool, Sea Views, Staff Accommodations, Swimming Pool, Terrace, TV Room, Underfloor Heating, Underfloor heating throughout, Wine Cellar.