Built according to the latest European standards, fashionable ultra-sleek modern architecture, innovative technology and exceptional high-quality finishes throughout.

Each residence provides an easy-going, pleasant ambiance and offers a perfect balance of chic, high-end design, ultimate comfort and pleasure. It is all about quality and style, offered by a spacious open plan living room, dining area and modern kitchen where minimalism is not the lack of something but the perfect amount. Delightful chill-out terraces become a natural, open-air continuation of the salon and 2 bedrooms upstairs. 4 bedrooms conveniently distributed, with 1 on the ground floor and 3 on the first floor. Master Suite boasts a walk-in wardrobe, a terrace with pergola, ideal for your morning espresso, and a deluxe marble bathroom en-suite. 2 more bathrooms with leading brands' sanitary ware combine convenience with modern design.

A spectacular roof terrace that impresses with a plunge pool, areas for sunbathing, al fresco dining, yoga, sports or enjoying romantic sunsets. A large basement is suitable for a family entertainment room, home cinema, gym or additional bedroom. A subterranean double garage can host 2- 4 cars. Every design element is carefully curated in order to fit in the overall tone, aesthetic style and mood of the extraordinary home. Glass walls allow natural light to flood the rooms. Transparent balustrades add elegance and enhance modern design. Sliding panoramic doors seamlessly unite the interior with a covered terrace and private garden - ideal for all year round al fresco living, a hallmark of the Mediterranean region.

Based on fresh white and sophisticated grey hues, the soothing colour palette creates psychological comfort. High-quality neutral-coloured natural stone and marble floors, organic silhouettes and custom interior carpentry further enhance the sense of light and space, adding to the sense of modern luxury. Each well-appointed home offers luxurious features to ensure unparalleled comfort and convenience. A beautiful, stress-free life is guaranteed!