Beautiful - luxurious corner apartment in stunning urbanisation  ̈Lomas del Rey ̈ in Golden Mile! This apartment consists of two large bedrooms with en suite bathrooms, guest toilet, large kitchen with dining room, cozy living room with fireplace, large terrace and garden. All rooms have air conditioning and underfloor heating. 

Situated within an exclusive Luxury complex consisting of more than 25.000 m2 of landscaped gardens, breathtaking views of the Mediterranean sea, swimming pools, children playground, 24h security surveillance, maintenance service and assured privacy...

Finishing touches of the highest quality: two, three and four bedroomed apartments or duplex properties including either three, four or five bathrooms beautifully tiled in Mediterranean style marble fittings, fitted hydro-massage bath tubs, spacious as well as spectacular views from the balconies and terraces, some measuring over 200 m2. All apartments contain a completely fitted SIEMENS kitchen and come with underfloor heating throughout the apartment, DAIKIN hot/cold air conditioning, all exterior double glazed carpentry woodwork manufactured from treated Iroko wood. Attic units contain a private fitted jacuzzy within the balcony, a private roof garden, two space car park garage and storage room. Completely finished and ready to move into.

Within a privileged location Lomas del Rey is located within the exclusive Marbella Golden Mile, in front of Puente Romano and 800 metres from the beach, simply 3 minutes from the famous port of Puerto Banús and 5 minutes from Marbella town centre. Direct access/exit to the main motorway (exit 181B Nagüeles) exists and is only 10 minutes from eight popular golf courses. Complete with "First Occupational Licence".

Close to your home: Málaga airport simply 30 minutes away and on average only 3 hours flight from the most of the major European cities. The high speed train (AVE) now connects Málaga and Madrid within two and a half hours. All these things, makes Lomas del Rey a privileged place to live, rest and play.

Concierge and cleaning services and 24 hour security. Immaculate location; nearby are international schools, supermarkets, the beach and the exclusive Hotel Puente Romano, with the best restaurants in Marbella (Leña, Nobu, Sea Grill, Celicioso and Bibo Marbella by Dani García). There is easy access to the main highway, and only 40 minutes to Malaga airport. Puerto Banús and Marbella Center are 5 minutes away by car. The apartment comes with exclusive furniture and decoration, with 2 parking spaces in the underground garage.

Nearby Beaches: Puerto Banús, Playa del Ancón, Playa de Nagüeles

Nearby Golf Courses: Aloha Golf Club, Real Club Las Brisas, Magna Marbella Golf, Los Naranjos Golf Club, La Quinta Golf, Real Club Guadalmina, Río Real Golf, Santa Clara Golf

Nearby Hotels: Puente Romano, Marbella Club

Nearby Shopping Malls: El Corte Inglés Puerto Banús, Centro Comercial Marina Banús, Parque Comercial La Cañada

Nearby Restaurants: La Meridiana del Alabardero, Lobito de Mar, Villa Tiberio, Masala, Cabaña Nagüeles

Nearby Ports: Puerto Banús, Puerto Deportivo Marbella, Puerto Cabopino

Nearby Schools: María Auxiliadora I (Salesianas), Aloha College, Les Roches International School, Colegio Swans International, British School Marbella

Nearby Leisure: Casino Marbella, Ascari Race Resort, La Suite (Puente Romano), Cines Teatro Goya

Short term: June - July - August (min. 1 week)
Long Term: September - May (9 months)