Unique and charming townhouse in Campillos, Malaga. Location is perfect, walking distance every where in the pueblo. This beautiful house is full of character and original features, it is built about 150 years ago. Original tiles on some of the floors, beautiful details all around the house. You can feel the life and good feeling here. 

This property is liveable as it is. The roof has been totally renovated 5 years ago and the upstairs floor 2 years ago. This is a solid and remarkable house. This house needs love and caring. 

It is sold as it is, semi-finished. Depends how you want to use the 100m2 upstairs. It can be anything, another independent apartment, or it can be fabulous ateljee/work space or guest rooms. Just adding an another bathroom there and it is liveable and finish the floor. Or leave it as it is. With decoration, this floor is ready to enjoy the unique space. There is lovely natural light through the installed old windows and amazing arches and ceiling height of the one side. Another side is looking for the private patio. Here you can have minimum 3 bedrooms more if needed.

Private backyard has all the space, for whatever you want. It has sunshine all day. There is already a huge workshop/storage room, where is a barbeque. Here you can make and decorate a beautiful summer kitchen and the workshop area is as a cool dining area during the hot summer days. There is an old fashion lion head water fountain and you hear the running water, very relaxing. 

On the entrance you have old Indonesian wooden doors. Very impressing entrance hall, where you enter to the living room with a fireplace. You have one big bedroom there, next to the salon. On the other side you have two super spacious bedrooms. Next to the kitchen is a beautiful, old style dining room. It has access from the living room and from the kitchen. Kitchen has another access to the patio side. Kitchen will be semi-furnished. It has a lovely little fireplace. 

Next to the kitchen, before entering to the patio, you have little lobby area where is facilities room and spacious bathroom with a shower.

This property is perfect for family use but as well it has unique features for B&B business or yoga retreat. Either way, you need to see this and feel the energy and possibilities.