The brand new Villa Malpatros is a perfect combination of design and the comfort of a stunning luxury villa in a natural setting with spectacular sea views. 

Our villa consists of a plot of 820,55 m2 and a construction of 352m2, distributed over two floors and a basement, with 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and a toilet, as well as a garage, garden and its own infinity swimming pool lined with gresite, with automatic pH purification system and saline chlorination.

A construction of straight lines, diaphanous, with different areas in perfect harmony, large windows, modern architecture, Nordic style, allowing natural light to invade all spaces. 

It is located in a private urbanization, with barrier access, with spacious plots to maintain privacy and tranquillity. 

A bioclimatic design means that excellent high quality materials have been used, but at the same time with the aim of reducing consumption and thus protecting the environment. SALONI 90x90 ceramic floor tiles. Certified natural OAK wood parquet. TECHNAL aluminium carpentry, with thermal bridge break, double glazing with solar control, air chamber for cold/heat insulation and security glass. Lime paints, with smooth, opaque and water vapour permeable material, free of VOC (volatile organic compounds). Installation of SCHNEIDER electrical network and mechanisms. Double-flow mechanical ventilation system with enthalpic recuperator and aerothermal support with ambient temperature and humidity control. Bathroom cladding with MORTEX micro-mortar. Natural, ecological and breathable gypsum and cellulose fibre panels. GEBERIT bathroom fittings, TRES taps, home automation for lighting control and KNX blinds.

In spite of enjoying this privileged environment, it is only a few minutes away from a small shopping centre, with supermarket and pharmacy, social clubs, golf courses .... and a short distance from the beach, airport and surrounding towns (Benalmádena, Fuengirola, Mijas or Málaga). 

The urbanisation has an internet network so that it is possible to work from paradise.
