Beautiful country house built like an Andalusian country house, with spectacular mountain views.
It is located very close to the well-known town of Gaucín and Cortes de la Frontera, and it has a large plot which is ideal for horses.
The plot is next to a river, and has very charming areas where you can see the river, listen to the water and enjoy nature.
This country property is in an area full of nature with many native trees such as cork oaks, gall oaks, olive trees, etc.
This country property close to Gaucin represent a unique opportunity for the discerning individual who values absolute privacy and security in glorious surroundings abundant with wildlife.
When we arrive at the property we find an iron gate which gives access to the car park, the gardens and the terraces of this beautiful finca.
The first inpression of the interior of the house is light. It has the great advantage of being south facing, so it enjoys all day sun.

The house is built practically all on one floor except the main bedroom and a bathroom which are located on the upper floor.
On the ground floor we have a spacious living room with a fireplace and a ceiling with wooden beams, there is a large door with access to a beautiful porch with wooden beams from where you can enjoy wonderful open views of the mountains, a fully large equipped kitchen with a breakfast table. and exit door to the outside terraces,  next to the kitchen we have a dining area, in the other area of this floor we have a room used like an office, two large bedrooms both with wooden ceilings and large good quality windows. The 2 bedooms have  a lot of light and a fully equiped bathroom.
There are others buildings which are currently used, one is a laundry area, another for storing gardening tools and two others that are currently not used, but they have a lot of potential to be used as the buyer wish. 
On the upper floor is the master bedroom, which is very spacious, has a wooden ceiling, many fitted wardrobes, air conditioning and also has a fully equiped  bathroom with a shower and bathtub.
The finca is completely fenced, it is quite flat, it has a lot of well-established trees many years old, part of the plot adjoins a river, it has its own water from a ditch, the access road is good, it has a beautiful mature garden around the house and different terraces which give it a very pleasant atmosphere and that gives the feeling that you are in a beautiful Andalusian cortijo.
It is a unique property, with total privacy which fullfills every posible dream.

