The property boasts a spectacular garden with many different corners and areas.  There are large lawns, as well as a large terrace next to the swimming pool.  There is also a huge collection of mature roses, decorative vines, orange trees, lemon trees and an avocado tree.  The property enjoys peaceful views of the surrounding countryside and some views to the sea, depending on the season.

The estate is accessed via a private, automatic gate with a wide, sweeping driveway made of sea stone and an impressive eighty metre sandstone balustrade.

With a south through to southeast orientation, the property comprises three main buildings – the main house, the tower, and the pavilion, all of which offer unique and very endearing accommodation.

The main house is arranged on one level and comprises three bedrooms in total, a large lounge with a feature Swedish wood burner and a separate dining room.  There is a separate, country style kitchen with Belfast sink and range cooker (with gas and electricity).  Every room of the main house has direct access to the wonderful, formal gardens.

Of the three bedrooms in the main house, two have ensuite bathrooms, plus there is an additional family bathroom.  Each of the bedrooms is spacious and features include vaulted ceilings, fitted wardrobes and Scandinavian wood floors in either oak or pine.  The master bathroom has a heated floor.

The main house is air conditioned throughout and features include antique stone floors, and two covered outside dining areas, including the main veranda which overlooks the private heated swimming pool.

The second building of the estate is known as 'the Pavillion' and comprises a large open plan kitchen and lounge/dining room with a huge open fireplace and small bar area. 

The Pavillion has two bedrooms and two full bathrooms plus a small guest lavatory.  There is also a self-contained wine cellar and a separate gymnasium (with bathroom) as well as a large storage room.  The Pavillion is air-conditioned throughout and the bathrooms have heated floors. 

Features of the Pavillion include the sweeping, stone and wrought iron staircase, huge antique French doors, and the loft-style living area.  There is a separate entrance with secluded patio with a fountain.

The third and final building of the property is 'the Tower' which is a standalone studio with three levels including a small entrance level, a magical private roof terrace with sea views, and a studio apartment.  There is an open plan kitchen and a small separate bathroom, as well as a balcony with views of the garden.

The property also has a double garage.  Viewings are encouraged.  Some of the furniture is offered as an optional part of the sale. 

The best bits:
Completely unique property.
Wonderful pool area.
Quiet location, very close to San Pedro town
Completely private.