Amazing 5 bed villa in the exclusive and sought-after area of El Paraiso (Estepona) . This stunning villa sits on a South West facing plot, enjoying all day sunshine and is located walking distance to an abundance of shops, restaurants and cafe's. The villa has an impressive entrance drive way, with room for up to 6 cars, which leads to the front entrance to the house. The main floor consists a spacious living room, large kitchen & 3 double bedrooms, all en-suite. The living room leads straight out to the heated swimming pool, the wonderful al-fresco dining/BBQ area and substantial lawn areas. The top floor consists of 2 more bedrooms, including the master suite, with bathroom and a dressing area, which lead out to a fabulous terrace. 
Amazing 4 bed villa in the exclusive and sought-after area of El Paraiso (Estepona.) This stunning villa sits on a South West facing plot, enjoying all day sunshine and is located walking distance to an abundance of shops, restaurants and cafe's. The villa has an impressive entrance drive way, with room for up to 6 cars, which leads to the front entrance to the house. The main floor consists a spacious living room, large kitchen and 2 double bedrooms, both en-suite. The living room leads straight out to the heated swimming pool, the wonderful al-fresco dining/BBQ area and substantial lawn areas. The top floor consists of 2 more bedrooms, including the master suite, with bathroom and a dressing area, which lead out to a fabulous terrace. The basement level is designed as a separate fully equipped studio, with kitchen area and bathroom. The villa is located on the most sought-after streets in El Paraiso, which is consolidated and has easy access to the local shops and the El Paraiso Golf Club. It's a perfect property for families, full time living or an easily maintained holiday home.

El Paraiso is a prestigious residential area located on the New Golden Mile, between Estepona and San Pedro Alcántara. Popular with residents and holidaymakers of all ages, including retirees and families, it was originally developed in the early 1990s so is one of the most established locations on the Costa del Sol. Golfers are particularly drawn to El Paraiso Golf, renowned for its welcoming atmosphere, friendly clubhouse, quality restaurant and championship course designed by world famous golfer and course architect Gary Player. There are around 20 to 30 restaurants in El Paraiso and neighbouring areas of Benamara, Benavista and Atalaya, serving different types of cuisine from Belgian to Lebanese delights. Additionally, there are offices, banks, pharmacies, salons, children's play centres, clubs and societies—every age and demographic is catered for in El Paraiso. El Paraiso offers diversity, quality, tranquillity and comfort to its residents and visitors. It's ideal location between the two up and coming towns of San Pedro Alcántara and Estepona ensures that El Paraiso will continue to attract full and part time residents for a long time to come.

Whilst we always make utmost efforts to keep property availability and prices fully up to date, please be advised that any current displayed details are subject to change without notice due to sales activities. 
