A beautiful quaint townhouse, situated on a quiet street in the heart of Coín, only a short walk from all the facilities the town has to offer.This lovely townhouse has been completely refurbished throughout, completed in 2020. No expense has been spared boasting new electrics and plumbing throughout.

It maintains many traditional character features you´d expect, set against new fixtures and fittings which complement the property. 

You enter the house through a timber framed door into the entrance hall where there is space for storage. To the left a newly fitted guest WC. You are drawn through into the open plan kitchen diner, flooded with an abundance of light. A neutral kitchen sits to the right-hand side, fully fitted with traditional Andalusian splash back tiles, neutral tile flooring and direct access onto the garden terrace. To the right a lovely quaint snug room awaits you, perfect spot for unwinding and enjoying a movie or two. Stairs from the dining room lead to the first floor where you will find three bedrooms, (one currently used as a dressing room). There is scope to add an extra door to this room for it to be independent as access is currently through the master bedroom. With wooden flooring, cottage style doors and frames, there is a lovely feel of yesteryear as you walk through this home. The family bathroom is all newly fitted, with modern fixtures and fittings set against older rendered walls.

This home is perfect for outdoor living. A unique feature of this property is the outside space. As you leave the kitchen/diner, an attractive covered lounge area awaits you. A lovely spot for those long summer days. To the right a flight of stairs will take you to a large roof terrace measuring 40m2. There is also a fourth bedroom with en-suite shower room, with exposed metal beams, giving an industrial feel to this area underneath the terrace. Continue beyond the outdoor living space and you find another unique feature of this property. An unfinished structure with tin roof. It has already been cleared out and prepped for anyone wishing to add extra living or work space. There is scope to add two further rooms here.

This property is in excellent condition, maintaining many historic characteristics, with super fast fibre optic broadband (excellent for remote working), perfect for those seeking a home in the centre of town with ample space and privacy. There is free on street parking nearby with a large free car park only a short 3 minute walk away. The main street has been recently updated, with also the nearby carpark undergoing improvement works. Conveniently located within walking distance to the campo, parks, schools and all the bars, cafes, restaurants and amenities that Coín has to offer.

Viewings highly recommended.



ABOUT COIN 

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards. 

Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C. 

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda. 

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'? 

Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos 

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.