Amazing opportunity to purchase a Hotel / Sports Club / Commercial Complex on San Roque Golf Development.

One of the most "up and coming" postcodes in Southern Spain, San Roque Golf is a private, secure, gated retreat. Situated adjacent to the exclusive Sotogrande residential development, the area is ideally positioned between the vibrant area of Marbella and Puerto Banus and the business hub of Gibraltar within 35 minutes either side.

Around 1 hour of Malaga airport, 30 minutes of Gibraltar airport, and 45 minutes of Jerez airport, increasing flight availability is opening the destination to and from most UK and European destinations. Additionally, having Seville within a 2-hour easy drive, and the exotic destinations of the Moroccan coast and Tangiers being a short ferry trip from the local Algeciras port, this low-key, high-wealth area, is fast becoming a top European luxury region.

Renowned for its sunny climate, the San Roque is located on the westernmost part of the sun-baked Costa del Sol, and for the non-golfers, is within easy reach of sandy beaches, white villages, and wonderful sprawling country and mountainside, waiting to be explored by foot, horseback, or bicycle.

San Roque Golf has recently been acquired by new owners, that have significantly redeveloped and improved the clubhouse and "Old Course" to international standards, and the San Roque "New Course" is also due to be upgraded.

The hotel itself, sits on an elevated site, perched prominently off of the main roundabout, at the entrance of the San Roque Golf development, and offers panoramic views to the Mediterranean, both "Old" and "New" San Roque golf courses, and the wonderful surrounding mountain and countryside. Visible from the main A34 coast road, which is the main road linking Gibraltar, Sotogrande and Marbella, the impressively imposing building is perfectly positioned and the sits at the end of a wonderful tree lined entry road, that winds its way to the main, security gate at the entrance to the hotel and the San Roque Golf Urbanisation,

Styled with traditional Andalusian cortijo charm, the exterior alludes to the iconic white villages, for which the area is renowned. The more modern interior, has evolved since the building was completed, and now provides the space and amenities suitable to perform as a multi-use commercial property.

On approach, the hotel exhibits classic Spanish elegance as befitting the area, and the light, and airy welcome reception gives hint to the size of the building, with the impressive double height, galleried stairway confirming this impression.

Distributed over 5 levels, the property has been used for the past 10 years as a school boarding facility for a private, fee paying, international school on the luxury development of Sotogrande, situated 15 minutes from San Roque.