Luxury villa in Altos de los Monteros, Marbella, with incredible views

 This magnificent villa is located in Altos de los Monteros, on a privileged plot for its views and location, 4.3 km from Trocadero Arena beach, 9 km from Ricardo Soriano in the center of Marbella and 57 km from Malaga airport.

  Its owner is also the architect responsible for its design and construction, a well-known architect and writer in Spain. He built it for his family and for himself, and the property clearly shows the two guidelines that rule his architectural style:

 * comfort and pragmatism: each room, each angle, each finishing detail is designed to make life easier for its occupants, there is not a single detail that has not been throughly thought of.
 * luxury: It is a real luxury and at the same time discreet, turned inwards, without ostentation. A luxury that gives maximum prominence to the views and the environment. The qualities are of the highest level, in many cases with noble materials of the best quality from different regions of Spain: all the floors are natural Galician slate, zinc covers, marble... It should be said that in terms of origin of the materials the exception is the interior carpentry of the house, really impressive, all mahogany from Cuba (the doors, for example, are 3 meters high).

 The main entrance to the house leads us through a covered porch, followed by the main hall, completely lined with mahogany, where the staircase that communicates with the upper floor is located,  developed in double height, more than 7 meters above our heads, an important first impression of air and at the same time of the warmth that wood communicates.

 On the ground floor are the day areas: the living room, the dining room, the kitchen, a guest toilet, a writer's office, and a large master bedroom with its bathroom, as well as a series of terraces and porches that open onto the garden and the swimming pool. All oriented to the great asset of the house, open and high views from which it seems that the Mediterranean is yours. Like eye drops for the brain.

 The first floor houses three bedrooms with their corresponding bathrooms and terraces.

 In the basement there is an area for the staff bedroom with its bathroom and an ample storage space.

 In short, it is essential to see the property to really capture what we are talking about, the quality, the peace, the sobriety... We gladly invite you to check it out!

