Two independent country houses with 2 swimming pools just 5 minutes from Alhaurín El Grande.

Beautiful country property on the outskirts of town comprising a main house with pool, plus an independent guest house with separate entrance and its own pool. In an ideal location just 30 minutes from Málaga airport and 15 minutes from the coast. The distribution is as follows:

MAIN HOUSE: Entrance through an automatic gate opens to a large parking space and a garage.

On entering the house, you will find yourself in the inner courtyard, with access to a large kitchen with terrace, dining room with small terrace, views to the valley, large living room with fireplace and direct access to the garden and swimming pool, and 2 double bedrooms (each with ensuite bathrooms). The staircase leads up to a spacious double bedroom with balcony, beautiful view over the garden and the pool, and a large bathroom with shower and bathtub.

On the ground floor, you will find a separate guest apartment with an open plan kitchen, dining area, living room, large bedroom and a bathroom. Outside is a nice private terrace and Jacuzzi. On the same level, there is a second bedroom with bathroom, currently used as storage but could be a seventh bedroom (be careful the bathroom need to be done)

All around this house there are nice spaces to relax, read in the shade on the terrace or simply rest around the pool. Facilities include air-conditioning, central heating, solar panels, town water plus well water.

GUEST HOUSE: Independent house with private entrance, private access, open plan kitchen, dining area, living room, two bedrooms, the main one with private bathroom and shower, and there is a second bathroom also with shower.

A spiral staircase leads up to the roof terrace, from where you have a wonderful view of the village and the Sierra de Mijas. An ideal place to be in the evening. This house benefits from air-conditioning, outdoor parking, a nice terrace in the shade of a lovely oak tree, barbecue area and a private pool.

This property is 100% get already the AFO and the Tourism Licence; the current owners use the houses for holiday lets. It is situated on a large plot of land, but it is mostly sloping, so only about 3,000m² is usable.

The houses are in excellent condition, ready to move into, ideal for two families or to create a B&B business or simply continue as a holiday rental business.