A spacious high quality, south facing  classical Spanish villa with 6 bedrooms in El Paraiso in Benahavis with sea views and a lot of privacy.  

This mansion like and spacious south-facing villa in El Paraiso Alto has it all; lots of space, very high quality and comfort, good design, a nice layout and a very good location.
Nothing has been spared to put in place all the right details for the more discerning buyers in today's market.

This impressive stately villa is a masterpiece of Andalusian style at its best, a showcase of elegance, style and good taste built to perfection with the best materials.
Some details include: 
■ Sea views
■ Impeccable condition
■ A large well-kept and elegant garden with a beautiful pool and jacuzzi
■ A 106 meter deep well that supplies water to all the plants, totally legal and registered
■ Large terraces, both covered and open, perfect for entertaining guests
■.Marble floors throughout
■ A fantastic large marble fireplace that provides enough heat for the entire living room
■. Underfloor heating in the bathrooms
■. Air conditioning throughout
■. Electric blinds and double glazing
■ A large well-equipped kitchen with Bosch appliances and granite worktops
■ Quality marble in all bathrooms
■ A drinking water filter is installed
■ Lots of natural light throughout the villa
■ High ceilings in all rooms and very high ceilings in the hall and dining room
■ Bedroom and bathroom downstairs for staff
■ A large garage large enough for more than 4 cars
■ Games room
■ A large storage room as well as open space on the lower level to be completed for a spa, cinema or whatever you like

The villa:
Main level:
The entrance is elegant and you enter a hall and a large open room where the dining room is located, the heart of the house. It is open further into the large living room. Here there is room for several seating groups, a great place to entertain many guests. The kitchen is adjacent to the dining room, it is spacious and well equipped and also has its own pantry. Next to the kitchen you will also find a guest toilet. On this level you will also find a bedroom wing with two spacious bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and a gorgeous bathroom.
Outside the living and dining room there is a large covered terrace overlooking the large pool and heated whirlpool, as well as the garden with various fruit trees surrounding the property. An irrigation system and lighting are also installed in the garden, and there is a 106 meter deep well that supplies water to all the plants.

Top level:
When you come up the stairs from the living room, you first enter a large mezzanine that is between the two bedroom wings. On the mezzanine there is a nice area to relax, sit and read or work. On this level there are two bedroom wings. The huge master suite has the whole of one wing. The bedroom is large and airy and the patio door leads out to a large terrace with sea views. There is plenty of wardrobe space and the bathroom is large with a separate shower and jacuzzi. The second bedroom wing consists of two spacious bedrooms, both with en suite bathrooms. There are also extra wardrobes, and one bedroom also has access to a nice terrace.
The bedrooms on the top floor and the upper terrace offer fantastic views to the Mediterranean and Africa with an ideal sunny orientation, and the general distribution of the rooms makes this an ideal family home.

Lower level:
From the living room the stairs go down to the lower floor. Here you will find an additional bedroom and bathroom with toilet, great if you have staff or if you have extra guests. In the garage part there is room for many cars. Current owners have built a gaming area for the kids with game stations and a table tennis table. There is also an area used as a cinema and relaxation area. There is another very large room that is not in the pictures. This is used today as a storage room, but if the new owner wants another use, it can be used to make a spa there, fitness room or several bedrooms.

The area:
El Paraiso is, as the Spanish name suggests, a paradise.
El Paraiso is a well-established highly sought-after residential area that was originally built around the El Paraiso golf course in the early 1970s. Since then, it has grown into one of the most prestigious residential addresses on Spain's Costa del Sol.
El Paraiso is about 12 minutes drive west of Marbella, 7 minutes west of San Pedro and 8 minutes east of Estepona.
Paraiso Alto is characterized by quiet triangular hilly side streets that are home to some of the most impressive private villas found in all of southern Spain.
Almost all the properties in Paraiso Alto have one thing in common: outstanding views of the sea, the golf and the mountains.
What makes the El Paraiso area appealing to the more discerning property buyers is not only that it is an attractively landscaped and immaculately kept area, but also that it is blessed with a mild peaceful aura that is hard to find in other perhaps more developed areas. on the Costa del Sol.
Here you will also find a nice four star hotel, El Paraiso, and a great 18-hole golf course with associated club and various tournaments, including a celebrity Pro-Am, which is held here every year. Nearby there is a very good facility for tennis and paddle. On the beautiful beaches you can do water sports of various kinds.
Los Flamingos is right next to El Paraiso. Here is a par 64 executive course with an American golf academy. It also boasts the five-star Villa Padierna Hotel and spa. The hotel has recently been named one of the 30 leading hotels in the world.
All facilities are available at the commercial center nearby, such as restaurants, supermarkets, bank, travel agency and a variety of other professional services.

To conclude, a visit is highly recommended, since seeing is believing, because this is truly a wonderful property on the Costa del Sol, perfect for you and your family.
3D walk through and a video is available.
The villa has a tourist license.