This extremely private house is nestled in the foot hills of the Sierra Reales, completely surrounded by nature. A beautiful country house with stunning mountain and sea views but only 5 mins drive into Estepona town. The house itself has 3 bedrooms all with large en-suite bathrooms plus a guest loo on the ground floor and a further one in the basement. The house is built over 3 levels with a modern open plan kitchen at the heart of the house. The style of this villa is rustic with beautiful wooden beams, vaulted ceilings and Spanish tiling. The ground floor comprises of the modern kitchen, an office area with Aga, one bedroom and en suite bathroom, a guest loo and the large and bright sitting room and dinning room which flows onto the covered terrace and pool area. Upstairs is the master bedroom plus a second large bedroom both with en suite bathrooms and the master bedroom has its own south facing terrace overlooking the pool and surrounding countryside. Downstairs in the basement is a gym, music room with special acoustic ceiling, home cinema and a guest loo. If needed this could easily be converted into more bedrooms or a self contained apartment with separate entrance. There are various terraces on all sides of the house for all day sun. The pool is surrounded by natural stone paving from where you can enjoy the beautiful sea and mountain views. 
Some features of the house: Fireplace, A/C, Alarm, Garage, Music room, Open plan kitchen, private pool.

The plot is 5460m². The extensive gardens include many fruit trees, an organic vegetable garden as well as a herb garden. The upper and middle levels of the property are securely fenced for dogs and there is a large sturdy kennel. In terms of parking there is a garage and carport plus extra parking space for guests. The property has its own gated driveway and the road to the house is paved for easy access.

Estepona by car: 5 mins
Marbella by car: 15 mins
Málaga by car: 45 mins

Community fees: No fees just €25 per month for water.
IBI: €489
Rubbish:€111

