A stunning, well designed and presented detached villa in Rio Real, Marbella. The villa is located close to elegant ''beach clubs'' and one of the best golf courses on the Costa del Sol. It is only a five minute drive from the city or the beach and 35 minutes from the airport. 
The villa was built with green energy in mind and is super-efficient thanks to a solar panel and storage battery installation.
It is situated in an elevated position in relation to the rest of the neighborhood with a beautiful, landscaped garden to the front as well as a driveway for parking. There is a large, elegant-looking swimming pool outside as well a shower area.

The property is distributed over three levels, with the living and dining rooms as well as the open plan kitchen on the ground floor. The living room boasts a full wall of windows that open out onto a large terrace with barbecue area, another delightful feature is the central fireplace which gives an ambient glow to both the living and dining areas. The German kitchen is equipped with a Smeg oven and Smeg American fridge/freezer, dishwasher of Siemens which is connected through app for control. It also has black granite counter tops with extra bar area for 2 bar chairs. All Smeg appliances are black and harmonize with the black countertop and the white kitchen. Integrated Led Lighting strip with controller above counter top for ambiance lighting.
The first floor provides a master suite with super-sized walk in dressing room as well as an en-suite bathroom, the room leads out onto a terrace where we can enjoy panoramic views of the sea and La Concha. There are two further guest bedrooms on this level that share a family bathroom.
The basement has an 100m2 total, where a laundry area is created and the technical room, the area could be further developed into a games or cinema room or an additional bedroom if required.

All in all, this villa is located in an attractive location with a traditional layout, super energy efficient and with easy access to amenities, our personal opinion is that this is a great value villa, stunningly and meticulously presented throughout.