This luxurious and private villa is distributed over 3 floors and located in the prestigious urbanization of La Mairena. The urbanization is very well known for its breathtaking views, and of course this villa is no exception. This villa offers undoubtedly one of the best views of the mountains and breathtaking views of the Mediterranean sea. The quiet urbanization of La Mairena will always offer you the most delightful and peaceful experience while you enjoy the view. 

This very modern piece of architecture was built by the Marvel building company in 2020, meaning it was built with the most modern and developed equipment and of course this includes a 10 year building guarantee. This villa offers a total of 7 bedrooms, one of them being a 75 m2 master bedroom including its own fireplace and open bathroom with luxurious bathroom equipment. In total it has 6  bathrooms with 5 of them being en-suite. The living room with a hanging open fireplace has a triple height ceiling which gives the villa a very modern look and a good feel of space, there is a TV room attached to it, which if needed can be used as another bedroom. The main floor also includes a kitchen installed with the newest equipment and a dining. A cinema room, a gym/playroom and 3000 bottle wine cellar are all included in the basement, there are also 2 rooms that can be used to make a sauna/steam room. On the same level we can find 3 more bedrooms, one includes its own entrance to the outside, which makes it a perfect possibility to create an independent apartment. There is an underground parking capable of fitting 3 vehicles and also includes an outdoor parking, capable of fitting of at least 7 additional vehicles. Hotel quality Internet is installed throughout the whole villa, including the area of the large swimming pool. Underfloor heating and air conditioning available at any time will help you enjoy your time at the villa no matter if it is winter or summer. 

The plot on which the villa is located is one of the only flat plots of this size in the whole of La Mairena and accumulates a total of 3058m2. 

This perfect family villa is located 10 minutes away by car from the beach and 20 minutes away by car from Marbella. This villa does not only offer a luxurious place to live in but also a convenient position from which you can get to your favorite destination in a matter of minutes. 


Detached Villa, La Mairena, Costa del Sol.
7 Bedrooms, 6 Bathrooms, Built 770 m², Terrace 200 m².

Setting : Suburban, Country, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Golf, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest.
Orientation : East, West.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Country, Garden, Pool, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Gym, Games Room, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Disabled Access, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, Open, More Than One, Private.
Category : Luxury, Contemporary.
