We are delighted to introduce this stunning villa for sale in the privileged location of Supermanzana H, Nueva Andalucía. This is a special property that was designed and built by the renowned architect Angel Taborda in 1985 and completely renovated in 2011. If you are looking for a villa for sale that is truly unique with so much character and charm, you will fall in love with this property. The impressive features are endless, but to name a few, you have the grand entrance that leads into an open plan format, ample terraces that encircle the villa, luxury BBQ area, private chiringuito with kitchen and so much more. In addition, the location is extremely sought after due to being in the heart of Nueva Andalucía close to everything including golf, restaurants, beaches and shopping. Puerto Banus is also reached within just a few minutes.

The beautiful villa comprises 4 bedrooms on a plot of 3,190m2. What makes this property stand out from others of its nature is the distinctive modern architectural style and the special features such as a private padel tennis court and a temperature-controlled wine cellar. 

The entrance door leads into a large entrance hall with guest toilet. Inside is the open plan living and dining area linked to the gorgeous sleek kitchen with glass windows into the wine cellar below. The modern kitchen features a central island workspace that offers a very social cooking space for culinary lovers. A very bright and light area at all times. In addition, the ground floor comprises one bedroom with en-suite bathroom that has direct access to the outdoor terraces.

As you reach the top floor, you will find an area that is perfect for an office space. There are also two bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms that both have access to a private terrace. The master bedroom has a vaulted ceiling adding character, dreamy walk-in wardrobe, jacuzzi and large walk-in shower. 

On the lower ground floor, you can find the 4th bedroom with en-suite, guest toilet, cinema room, gymnasium, wine cellar, entertainment/game room, storage room and laundry room. So many fun areas to enjoy and spend time in with your loved ones!
The impressive terraces and pool areas are perfect for home entertaining.

Other features of this villa for sale include: air-conditioning, under floor heating, alarm, storage, garage (for two cars) and irrigation system. There is parking space for another four cars in the grounds.