118 - VILLA FOR SALE IN ALHAURIN DE LA TORRE
A very scarce product for sale, especially due to its proximity to the town. On a single plot of 1,800m2 with an impressive entrance and a total built area of 500m2; 4 apartments have been built with totally independent entrances, with the possibility of expanding and with access to the large common areas that consist of an idyllic saltwater pool and a huge hall for all kinds of events, with a built-in kitchen, a bathroom and a BBQ. Solar panels for the use of the entire house. This property would be Ideal for a large family or to exploit as a vacation rental; a few minutes from the center of Alhaurín de la Torre, 20 minutes from Malaga airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol. We go on to describe each apartment which is accessed through the common areas: Apt. No. 1: On the ground floor we only find a recently renovated and very charming kitchen from which there is direct access to the common patio and the pool. On the first floor we find the very bright living room with fantastic views of the valley, 3 bedrooms as well as a bathroom to share. Apt. No. 2: On the ground floor we find a fully equipped kitchen, a laundry room; also on the same floor is the living room with fireplace and right next to it there is a small bedroom that could be used as an office or added to the living room if you want to expand; From the living room there is access to a terrace with incredible views. On the first floor we find two bedrooms and a full bathroom to share, with A. Conditioning. Apt. No. 3 : Identical to Apt. No. 2. Apt. No. 4 : Identical to Apt. No. 1 On the plot we also find several bedrooms/storage rooms that could be easily converted into other rooms livable. Due to its location, the most remarkable thing about this property are the incredible views and the tranquility that is breathed. WE HAVE TO SEE IT! *In compliance with the RD of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of October 11, consumers are informed that the prices indicated do not include the expenses derived from the purchase of real estate according to current laws, (ITP, notarial expenses . etc.). There are NO real estate brokerage fees additional to the sale price.*