Plot for sale with a modern contemporary style villa project with Andalucian influence, located in a unique and privileged prime south facing location fronting on the the 1st tee of Los Olivos in Mijas Golf, a step away to the La Zambra Hotel, of the unbound collection by Hyatt.
Combining elegance with new standards of design and technology with refined materials of  excellent quality will ensure this villa project fulfils today's upmarket demands.
Large glazed spaces allow entering natural light, spacious rooms, carefully design to optimise the views, privacy and confort.
Terrace, garden and infinity pool integrate indoor and outdoor space in perfect harmony with the golf course 
The price includes plot, geotechnical study, architect basic project and license.


FEATURES
GROUND FLOOR
Entrance hall with guest cloakroom
Spacious open plan lounge, dining and kitchen.
1 bedroom with ensuite bathroom and dressing room
Covered terraces 44.28 sq mtrs
Uncover terrace 43.06 sq mtrs
Garage for 2 vehicles

FIRST FLOOR
Master bedroom with ensuite bathtroom,  dressing room and private terrace of 30.16 sq mtrs Bedrom with ensuite bathrom, dressing area and private terrace of 8.41
Bedrooms with ensuite bathroom, dressing room and private terrace of 25.01 ,
All bedrooms with spacious south facing terraces fronting to the golf course


LOWER GROUND FLOOR
Multi-use area
Toilet
Service installations area
Cinema room


EXTERIOR

Chill out area
BBQ area with presinstallation for water and electricity
Infinity salt water swimming pool with coloured LED lighting,
Landscaped areas with sprinkler irrigation system, LED lighting outdoors 
Outdoor shower
Water sheet
Carport parking for 2 vehicles.






OTHER FEATURES

Stair protections and railings of laminated safety glass
Interior carpentry in natural anodised aluminium with thermal break and double glazing with dehydrated air chamber inside.
Armoured and wide entrance door to the property.
Built-in wardrobes with lacquered sliding doors and completely finished inside.
Porcelanosa, Keraben or Aparici large format porcelain tile floors through the villa and wall coverings in the bathrooms.
Kitchen with high and low furniture of great capacity and modern line, silestone or granite worktop and equipment with NEF, BOSH or similar appliances.
Sanitary ware Duravit, Roca , Porcelanosa or similar
Taps and fittings Roca Grohe or similar
Thermostatic showers in showers or bath Hansgrohe or similar.
Air conditioning with aerothermal heat pump system and underfloor heating.
Vehicle access gate to the plot in anthracite grey aluminium
Smoke detectors in kitchen
Domotic installation with smartphone control of lighting dimmers, bluetooth audio system in living room with 4 speakers, indoor and outdoor lighting control and blind control
Alarm and security cameras around the perimeter of the house
Total indoor built area 465.60 sq mtrs
Total outdoor built area 204.70 sq mtrs
Total plot area 1331.57 sq mtrs
