This special townhouse is situated within the exquisite beachfront development, gated and with 24hrs security, The Island, just outside of Estepona center, a stunning property which must be seen!

Its beachfront location of course offers beautiful sea views and the luxury of stepping directly onto the beach from the urbanisation. The location provides walking distance access to all local amenities and is situated a short walk to Estepona´s marina, bars and restaurants.

The exclusive development is fully gated and boasts 24hrs security with concierge services as well as 2 stunning communal pools, indoor pool Turkish bath, Spa & fully equipped Gym.

The property is one of the best situated within the complex and offers direct sea views overlooking the Olympic pool towards the Mediterranean beyond.

Living areas are connected by a glass gallery that enhances the sense of open plan living, spacious and bright with high qualities and attention to detail. Such design has optimized the consideration of natural light to include substantial sized windows with minimal frames (just two-centimeter aluminum frames). Shafts of light floods the home through the staircase from above.

The ground floor has an entrance hall leading onto the double-height open plan kitchen and living room area with fireplace. The kitchen is fully fitted with NEFF appliances including wine cooler and features an elegant island/breakfast bar.
Floor to ceiling sliding windows give access to the partly covered terrace and private garden area. Stunning sea views can be enjoyed from the kitchen, living room and terrace. Furthermore, on this floor is a guest bedroom and a guest bathroom with walk-in shower.

Upstairs are two more bedrooms. The master bedroom with sea view, dressing and en-suite bathroom (shower & bathtub), and a guest bedroom with en-suite bathroom (shower) and private terrace.
Bedrooms and bathrooms offer one way glass to maximise views and privacy.

The staircase leads further up to the incredible rooftop terrace with impressive sea views, jacuzzi, pergola and outdoor kitchen barbecue and dining area.

Downstairs we have a spacious basement with natural light which includes a large bedroom, private bathroom, laundry area and extra storage for bed linen and towels. Currently a large bedroom, but could also be converted into a playroom, family room, cinema etc. .. options are endless.
The double garage is private and offers an electrical charging point for the car. There is also plenty of room and storage for beach equipment, paddle boards, bicycles etc.

The property is fully furnished by Marbella interior Designers La Albaida. An exquisite family and functional design with great use of colours blending in with the tones of the Mediterranean Sea and sunshine.

Key features this home offers are; fireplace, under-floor heating (water-based), air conditioning, domotic smart home automation system, high ceilings and doors, led mood lighting, minimum-profile carpentry, suspended toilets, automatic door entry to private garage and security doors.

The communal area of The Island Estepona offers two large swimming pools, a tropical-design infinity Olympic pool as well as children's and indoor heated pool. There is also a spa with a fully equipped gym, changing rooms, bathrooms, sauna and Turkish bath.
Also, for family enjoyment there is a children's play area, two chill-out areas, Balinese-style beach beds, cascading waterfalls and other water features dotted throughout the internal pathways and luscious gardens. All this within a security-controlled enclosure.

Where is The Island Estepona?

It is in a tranquil frontline beach setting and surrounded by a tree-lined boulevard, offering absolute privacy. It is a short walk from the Estepona marina along the Estepona beachside promenade, close to the town center and very well connected to Puerto Banus, Marbella, the airports of Malaga and Gibraltar. There is a large selection of golf courses nearby as well as top-class leisure amenities.

In the last few years, Estepona has blossomed with a stunning array of modern luxury developments and infrastructure. As one of the most well-established destinations, Estepona meets almost all homebuyers' requirements seeking a luxurious lifestyle or just an excellent value for-rent investment opportunity.

An exclusive luxury development in Estepona for modern day living. An opportunity not to be missed.
Contact us for more details or an appointment to view, online or in person.