Modern and luminous 3 bedrooms penthouse in El Madroñal

Located in a luxurious and unique residential complex where you can relax and enjoy life to the fullest.

Quality, style, comfort and innovation are the guiding principles in the design and building of the residence.

With incredible panoramic sea views, with a wide range of services and amenities at your disposal.

Special attention has been paid to light, guaranteeing that all living spaces are radiant with natural light.

The seamless integration between the terrace and indoor space creates an exceptional home. Uniformity and continuity generate the flow between your indoor and outdoor spaces.

A spectacular architectural statement and the landmark of the complex.The 360º open views across the horizon from sunrise to sunset, along with unlimited light, set the scene for this magnificent property. A circular atrium at the core of the building ensures that natural light reaches every part of the apartment.

A circular hallway in the centre provides access to each spacious bedroom, all with en-suite bathrooms. The luxurious open-plan kitchen merges with the living room, covering a total space of 66 m2. The master bedroom is equipped with a generous en-suite bathroom and an spacious walk-in wardrobe.

An internal staircase takes you to the roof of the building and your 100% private roof terrace. Add a pool, jacuzzi or an outdoor kitchen, and you can easily imagine all the good times to come, with only the stars above you and the horizon below. There is no doubt that the 222 m2 roof terrace will become one of your favourite places.

Only 2 penthouses are available in each block, ensuring their exclusivity and providing an abundance of space. The incredible wraparound terrace provides many idyllic places for dining, relaxation and a source of light for the large apartment. 

Our perfect combination of amenities allows you to live your best life on the Costa del Sol.

Imagine your life in a unique atmosphere with lush gardens and indoor and outdoor communal areas that ensure wellness, peace and serenity. Security (24-Hour) and a concierge service are available to assist you with any need you may have. No detail is neglected to ensure that you can escape the ordinary life in elegance and luxury.
