ONE OF A KIND COMMERCIAL PROPERTY INVESTOR OPPORTUNITY IN MARBELLA CITY CENTER

LOCATION! This property is one of a kind, strategically located on Avenida Ricardo Soriano 65 right at the entrance of the Marbella city center in the Piruli roundabout. This property is visible to the tens of thousands of cars and people that pass by every day. Anyone and everyone who comes through Marbella will pass by this shop.

SIZE! This property is one of a kind, it is one of the very few shops all throughout Marbella that not only has an amazingly large interior space of 950 m2 spread across two floors, but it also has 400 m2 of exterior terrace space with private usage. You will not find many, if any, properties in Marbella that have such large dimensions such as this one.

REFURBISHED! This property has been refurbished with the highest level of quality and attention to detail possible. The refurbish of this shop has been meticulously done to take advantage of every valuable square meter possible. Tubes have been relocated to take advantage of the highest possible ceiling heights. The top floor has a maximum ceiling height of 3 meters, while the bottom floor has a maximum ceiling height of 3,6 meters. Heights like these are extremely rare to be found in other commercial properties throughout Marbella.

CONSTRUCTION!
1. All the tubes have been insulated for noise reduction. Brand new electrical wiring and lights have been installed.
2. 12 brand new Daikin fan coils have been installed to provide maximum temperature comfort. These fan coils are energy efficient by using a water boiler and chiller system to adjust the interior temperatures.
3. An elevator lift with a capacity of 2000kgs has been installed brand new.
4. 3 brand new bathrooms, completely tiled with porcelain
5. Brand new iron stair structure with the treads covered in quartz and led lights illuminating each step
6. The glass façade wraps around the property on 3 sides, with the main side facing Avenida Ricardo Soriano. The glass is 2 cm thick safety glass. Providing maximum security and protection of the shop. This glass had to be specially ordered due to its height of 3 meters and 2 cm thickness.
7. The exterior terrace has been built with a system of decking that each piece can be individually removed for easy access to the underneath part.
8. The terrace has been waterproofed with two lawyers of asphalt fabric, providing maximum waterproofing protections for decades to come.
9. The exterior terrace has been closed off around the perimeter with thick 2 cm glass
10. The downstairs floor has a brand-new Daikin air-exchanger machine that can provide fresh air to the downstairs floor, while maintaining the ambiental temperature.

You will not find any other property like this, location, quality of build, and massive dimensions.