Beautiful feature rich 5 bedroom villa located in the LOWER area of Pinos de Alhaurin walking distance to the town centre of Alhaurin de la Torre. With its beautifully manicured  garden and swimming pool, and a home constructed from high quality materials, this property makes for a wonderful home for year round living or an amazing holiday home. 
The house is distributed as follows:
You enter the home from the street through a front gate or the electric gate with your car. There is ample parking for several cars and more than enough room for a mobile home to park along its long drive way. The house also has a garage which has room for 2 cars. The huge front garden leads up to the front entrance of the house. The back garden can be accessed from a side path where you will find a large swimming pool as well as summer kitchen and toilet, perfect for those summer BBQs
Inside, you will find on its ground floor a large and open living/dining room with fireplace, well appointed and spacious kitchen leading out to the pool area and a utility room with toilet. On this floor is the master bedroom whose double doors lead out to the pool side covered terrace. This ensuite room has a very large toilet shower room as well as a walk in wardrobe.
Upstairs, we have 2 good sized bedrooms and a shared bathroom. Both bedrooms offer fantastic views of the surrounding countryside.
On the lower level floor, there is a storage room, and 3 more bedrooms, one with toilet, and another double room that can be used as a bedroom, games rooms, cinema room etc. There are windows in each of these rooms providing natural light.  From this floor you have access to the garage, with space enough for two cars and there is an additional storage room.
The house also features, electric gate and garage door, air conditioning throughout the ground and first floor, radiators in the hallways, window shutters and window mosquito nets, a jacuzzi, fitted wardrobes and many storage spaces throughout the home. The owners have also installed solar panels and thermos water heating system which have proven really effective in reducing energy costs. This property is brand new to the market and there is a video tour of the house on request. 
