FOR SALE:

Superb 3 Bed 3 Bath Penthouse apartment in the sort after exclusive Luxury Samara Resort Marbella.  

This beautiful 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms luxurious apartment which is built with a high quality has 3 double bedrooms with built-in wardrobes, two full bathrooms in a modern style, one of them being en-suite and the other being the guest bathroom and a separate guest toilet. Electric shutters to all bedroom windows.

A spacious open plan living / dining area with quality modern fixtures, fittings and furnishings. Recently refurnished with high quality designer furniture and soft furnishings by a local Interior Designer. Newly decorated throughout. Large patio doors which provides natural light and offering stunning sea views, leading out onto the large wrap around sun terrace.

A fully fitted open plan modern kitchen with quality built in appliances, which include Oven, Hob, Extractor, Microwave, Fridge, Freezer and Dishwasher. Off the kitchen is a separate laundry room which houses a washing machine, tumble drier and water heater.

Hot / Cold Air conditioning throughout. Security alarm system installed.
Lift to all floors including garage.

To the outside is a large 187 SqM wrap around penthouse sun terrace, complete with patio furniture and a private hot tub with amazing sea and mountain views.


The apartment also comes with a large 19m SQ. underground garage parking space and a 14m SQ storage room.

The Samara Urbanization is a luxury complex located in Altos de Los Monteros, Marbella. With amazing views to the Mediterranean coast and Gibraltar. 
The complex provides 24 hour manned security, CCTV, barrier controlled access and surrounded by mature well kept gardens. It also has a Gymnasium, 2 saunas, heated indoor pool, outdoor infinity pool, large outdoor family pool, 2 outdoor Jacuzzis, Spa Service including massage room and body treatments and a Children's play area.

 Ideal for families who want to escape from the bustle of the city without being so far from all amenities since it is only a 10 minute drive to Marbella Old Town and 15 minutes to La Cañada Shopping Centre and local golf courses. A dream for nature lovers, since there are several routes for those who love to practice hiking or trekking. Do not miss this opportunity to purchase / rent a high end top quality Penthouse apartment.