A completely renovated, ready-to-move-in hotel in the tourist town of Tolox. The hotel has 30 rooms: 3 family rooms, 23 doubles and 4 singles. The owners want to sell because of their retirement age and lack of succession. 

The hotel has existed since 1978 and has been renovated twice since, in 2005 and 2010. These reforms are clearly reflected throughout the building, from the rooms to the restaurant, reception and professional kitchen. The hotel is adapted to the wishes and regulations of this time. For example, in every room there is air conditioning, fire alarm, TV, WIFI and a direct telephone connection to the reception. 

Each room has its own spacious bathroom (shower, toilet, bidet, sink) and a balcony / patio with seating. In addition, all rooms are equipped with radiators. The connection in the garage has not yet been realised but there is a simple possibility to realise central heating in all rooms. On the rooftop there are solar-panels to heat the water for all the rooms.

Behind the hotel is a large square that is now used as a parking lot. However, it would also be a great place for a swimming pool. On the same level is the private garage/storage. Above the garage is the current owners house, with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living room with open kitchen and two storage rooms. From this private area we go one floor higher to the professional kitchen, where without problems dinner can be prepared for 60 people, the capacity of the restaurant. There is also double air conditioning here.
On the ground floor there is also a spacious covered terrace (on the street side) with behind it the central entrance with bar and reception. There is also a separate night entrance that opens onto the stairs and elevator.
On the third floor there is a simple way to create a large manager's house. With this you sacrifice four rooms but then get a house with two bedrooms / two bathrooms, living room / kitchen and direct access to a very large terrace.

Tolox has about 2500 inhabitants and is located at the foot of the Sierra de las Nieves. It is known for the thermal baths discovered in 1867, the only one in Spain that specialises exclusively in cures for respiratory systems. It is located 55 km from Málaga, 42 from Marbella and 54 from Ronda, centrally located between all the attractions of the region. The mountains (highest point 1919 meters) around Tolox form a beautiful amphitheater, facing east, that protects it from the wind and ensures a healthy microclimate. The Sierra de las Nieves became the third Parque Nacional of Andalusia in 2019  and attracts many nature lovers, hikers and peace seekers.



