A truly unique villa, especially when it comes to outstanding views and space. This property offers the most spectacular views over the sea, to the coastline of Marbella, Africa and the Marbella mountains. The villa is distributed over four levels, all accessible by elevator or stairs. The private driveway with water feature takes one to the ground floor consisting of a very big guest/staff bedroom with bathroom which could serve as a self-contained studio with private entrance. A bodega with separate climate control, a very spacious laundry area and a large garage with lots of built-in wardrobes, comfortable parking for three cars plus a separate machine room.

Up the stairs, or via the elevator, you reach the complete open living area. Big kitchen fully fitted with Gaggenau appliances; steam oven, plate heater, two ovens, microwave, induction cook top, fridge and separate individual gas stove. Dining area, beautiful spacious lounge with gas fireplace all offering wonderful views to the sea. The same level hosts the guest toilet and a large (bed)room, currently in use as a study, which can easily be converted to a bedroom ensuite, since the during construction all the pipes for a possible bathroom have already been pre-installed. This floor is completely surrounded by terraces.

One more floor up a guest bedroom with bathroom is located, with direct access to the terrace with orange trees, hence called the Orange Square, the spacious main suite with very high ceilings and private terrace, again with stunning views, from the bed but also from the bathtub and even the toilet. Also, a large multipurpose room with various options is found; ideal for a home cinema, a gym, remote work area or playroom.

The elevator or stairs lead to the wonderful entertaining area of the villa, a beautiful terrace with swimming pool and Cape Reed gazebo, ideal to fit an outdoor kitchen or barbeque area where one can enjoy the most breath-taking views of the coast. Especially at night, the Marbella coastline and cruise ship lights make a serene, romantic and very private place to enjoy.

This outstanding property built in 2008 to very high standards comes with underfloor heating, air conditioning and central heating throughout, with both heat pump and/or gas tank. Private Thyssen (now called TKE) elevator with security key. Access to a laundry tube on every floor where laundry can be thrown in which lands directly to the washing room. Very special automatic Gradhermetic ‘shade' shutters, all of which can be individually regulated to create shade or shut completely. Security cameras and alarm system. All bathrooms fitted with Villeroy & Boch and Hans Grohe appliances. Domotica with sound system is available which can be personalized. Large garage with more than enough space for three cars and a golf buggy. Three water deposits at three different levels. Complete wheelchair friendly. Very close to all the local amenities that Elviria offers, including the Santa Maria Golf Club, Marbella Paddle Club and International Schools. Situated at 4 minutes from Elviria centre with bars, restaurants and supermarkets, 5 minutes from one of the finest beaches of Marbella, 15 minutes from Marbella centre, 7 minutes from La Mairena and 30 minutes from Málaga airport.