This unique villa was completed in summer 2017. Providing the ultimate in beach side contemporary living it is built to the highest standards and has all the amenities you would expect in a top class luxury villa. 
Designed across 3 floors, with access to each floor also via an elevator, the property offers 7 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms each with an outdoor terrace.
Located in the beautiful beachside resort of Puerto Banus, a car is not a necessity as the villa's location offers superb accessibility to the beaches (200 meters to the seafront) , the shops and nightlife of Puerto Banus (a 15 minute walk), the historic town of Marbella (a 40 minute bike ride along the beautiful Paseo Maritimo) and the traditional sea side villages of San Pedro (15 minute walk) and Estepona (20 minute drive). There are plenty of restaurants within a 10 minute walk including the popular Mistral Beach, fine dining at D-Wine or the authentic Spanish chiringutos along the beaches. 
On the first floor of the villa you will find 3 en suite bedrooms and a hanging gallery overlooking the main lounge. The generous space of the master suite has a walk in shower, stand alone bath and a walk in wardrobe. A large outdoor sun terrace overlooks the pool and garden with access to the roof terrace.
All bedrooms and communal areas are equipped with wi fi and smart TVs, (netficks and spotify) and international TV channels can be provided. (Russian, German, French, English etc)
On the ground floor the open plan kitchen and dining area is connected to the bright and airy main lounge. The main lounge has a double height ceiling, a fireplace, and sliding doors open onto the outdoor lounge, which has ambient mood lighting for evening lounging. 
The kitchen has sliding doors to the garden and pool terrace giving excellent visibility of the pool area and direct access to an outdoor dining area and also an outdoor kitchen and BBQ area for al fresco dining.
The green salt water pool measures 12x4.5meters, and is heated allowing year round use, an electric cover is also installed for child safety. 
In the basement you will find a cinema room, a games lounge, and a fully equip laundry room which is serviced by the laundry shoot from the floors above.
The huge roof terrace has 3 terraces giving you more options for sunbathing and dining and has views of the sea to the south and the mountains to the north.
The property is accessed via a video entry system and electric gates. There is both an internal and external garden alarm systems connected to Target Security. 
