Top renovated 4 bedroom apartment with beautiful views in Puerto del Almendro.

As you enter this large 4 bedroom 4 bathrooms apartment you will be amazed over the design, space and views. It has an open floorplan connecting kitchen/livingroom, the kitchen has a kitchen island of almost 3 meters with views over the sea. Is there any better way to cook? The livingroom has an etanol fireplace, custom built wine cabinet semi-separating the dining area with the livingroom. There is also direct access to the south facing terrace with views of La Concha-mountain to the left and Africa to the right. There is more than meets the eyes! The livingroom also has two hidden doors (this apartment is all about design, functionality and attention to details!), one to the guest bathroom and one to the master bedroom.

There are 3 large bedrooms, all en-suite. Then there is also a smaller bedroom currently used as an office. There are basically two master bedrooms, one which is by the terrace with amazing views over the sea, and the other behind the hidden door which has a lot of wardrobe space as well as a bespoke make-up area.

.. All of this on one level which is very hard to find! No stairs, it is very open and social.

The terrace also has an outdoor shower as well as a custom built barbeque-area.

There is easy access to the apartment, and the entrance feels more like a townhouse than an apartment. Easy parking right in front.

The community has cameras, a beautiful pool and pool area which gives you that "vacation-feeling" as well as a tennis court. The entrance to the urbanisation is currently under construction and is being slightly changed. The new road will have a sidewalk to the Los Halcones commercial center, so you can easilly reach several restaurants, supermarket, pharmacy etc by foot/bicycle!

Los Almendros is located right above San Pedro de Alcantara, and approximately a 8 minute drive to Puerto Banus.

The entire home has underfloor heating, and the kitchen has filtered, drinkable water. There is central AC throughout, with different Airzones for each room. The bathrooms have wall-hung toilets, rain showers, intergrated pipes etc.. The appliences are Bosch and Elica.

The apartment comes with a garage of 20 m2, which can also be used as a storage as it is private and closed. This is one out of only 7 garages in the community.

Must been seen to be truly appreciated, book your private viewing today! 
