Amazing villa with breathtaking views 
Nestled among the hills and forests of the Sierra de las Nieves Natural Park with stunning views of Lake Istan. This extraordinary luxury property, fits in the noble hinterland of Marbella, surrounded by the unique Andalusian natural landscape with a magical atmosphere, tranquility, far from the hustle and bustle, but close enough to reach the legendary Golden Mile and the white sandy beaches within minutes by car.
We are very excited to announce that this fantastic lakefront villa is now for sale. A villa surrounded by nature with impressive views over the lake, Marbella and even Africa. This is an absolute must if you are looking for an exclusive villa in Marbella. This is a one of a kind project.

The project is in the final stage and the new owner can finish this to his own taste. 
You enter the property through a beautiful steel sliding gate on the driveway to the house.
The architect has made sure that you are reminded of the view in every corner of the house. Beautiful glass doors and balconies overlooking the lake, Puerto Banus and Morocco. When you open the entrance (pivot door) you look through the hallway straight to the sea.

The main house has a large hall with access to the living room. The living room has high ceilings of about 4 meters. The large glass doors from the living room are custom made and give access to the large terrace by the pool. The kitchen is located as a central point between the living room and the dining room. Preparations have been made for a fantastic kitchen island. On the second floor of the main house you will find two spacious bedrooms. The master bedroom has its own dressing room and bathroom. In the bathroom a very special glass conservatory has been created, which will surprise you with its light and views. This master bedroom has a private terrace of 30 m2 where you can enjoy your first cup of coffee of the day. The second bedroom also has a private bathroom and a private terrace of over 20 m2.

Under the right part of the house is a space with several possibilities. Here are still possibilities to realize a complete two-bedroom apartment. A wellness, fitness, cinema or a combination of these facilities are among the possibilities. This part has its own entrance with its own spacious terrace.
In front of the terraces of this villa is the 35 meter long swimming pool. The idea is to divide this pool into a large swimming area and an area with a lower water level where you can enjoy the beautiful nature on sun beds in the water.

The house has an individual guest house with patio, private terraces and here is a water feature for extra cooling. This guest house has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a kitchen. 
Near the terraces, the architect has provided a large water area where you can find coolness on hot days.

We cannot use enough praise to convince you of the qualities of this villa.

This house is about 85% finished and is looking for a new owner to complete the project. This gives you as a buyer the opportunity to finish the house to your taste and make it your home. The house has many possibilities.

Some points of attention:
All window frames are fitted with extra thick glass and custom made to provide the villa with plenty of light. 
The sliding doors to the terraces disappear into the wall, merging indoors and outdoors.
The entire house has underfloor heating. 
The house has a unique conservatory in two places, on the first floor and on the second floor. 
Two guesthouses with their own entrance. 
From the dining room you have a phenomenal view of the lake and the mountains. 
As soon as you open the front door you have a fantastic view of the sea and Marbella. 
Phenomenal 360 degree views of La Concha, Monchalban and the lake. The coastline overlooking Marbella, San Pedro and Puerto Banus. You will feel like you are in paradise here! 
Private terraces at the bedrooms of 20 and 30 m2.
At the guest house there is a summer room of approx. 80m2 where you will spend a lot of time.
There are terraces on different levels of approximately 600 m2.
Under the guest house a garage can be made for several cars.

As a buyer you have several other layout options such as:

Possibility to place a staircase or elevator from the entrance hall to the space under the house which can be developed into a cinema, playroom and passage to a separate guest apartment.

VAT is applicable to this sale