Finca - Cortijo, Cártama, 
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 120 m², Terrace 20 m².

This detached country property is located in an elevated position above the Town of Cartama.
It has incredible views out across the countryside to the distant Hills and Mountains
Access up to the property is by a concrete and tarmac road to the property Gates.
There is a brick built Carport which the side are currently open but could be enclosed for a possible annexe.
There is a good sized drive with extra parking.
The House is entered through a generous sized covered Patio with dining and outside lounge area.
to the front of this is an open patio in front of the prefabricated above Pool.
Entering the house form the front porch , leads directly into the open plan Kitchen lounge & dining room
The Kitchen is functional but basic in design.
The room has a log fireplace with electric convector fans, it also has hot and cold air-conditioning.
Off the lounge a passageway which is used as the home office study.
Leads to the double Guest Bedroom.
Also leading of the lounge via a short hallway is the door to the guest/family bathroom.
another door leads to the Main bedroom this has off it a private bathroom.
The house sits on2850 mtr2 of land l
that slopes down the hillside. It is fully fenced on the perimeter.
To the side of the house is a large water storage facility which is supplied from the private well. used for irrigation the pool etc.
There is a tools shed with workshop.
A utility store at the rear of the house holds the house water tang and pumps.

The property is perfect for someone that wants to modernise and redecorate to their own taste.
possible extra room with garage conversion to a 2 bed room guest house ( subject to permissions.)

Viewing is by appointment only.

Mortgages will be difficult on this type of property and location so suits cash buyers.

Setting : Country, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Good, Fair.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Covered, Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Investment, Resale.
