Great INvestment - return holiday rental 6%-7%  per year - 2 AMAZING BEACHFRONT Brand new refurbished apartments situated on top of each other-  each 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms- 2 new kitchen -2 new living dining area - all in modern stylish interior design - perfect for FAMILIES or Couples  its like a townhouse on 3 levels but has 2 entrances after main entrance- the APARTMENTS are ONLY 80 METERS FROM THE famous Golden Beach away - between El Rosario and Elviria --1 Floor Apartment : 2 Bedrooms ( 1. Bedroom double bed 180 cm wide and sofa bed and bathroom with shower - - 2. Bedroom king size bed , with access to the terrace , and ensuite Bathroom 1 Toilette and walk-in shower- - Open Kitchen and Living room with fiber optic internet, large terrace with dining table . 2. FLOOR Duplex PENTHOUSE WITH ROOF TERRACE : 2 BEDROOMs ( 1. Bedroom Double bed 180cm wide -with sofa bed -2. bedroom 2 single beds ) . 2 Bathrooms - TOTAL SLEEPS 12 - 4 Bedrooms, 4 BATHROOMs - 2 LIVING AREAS- 2 KITCHEN- 3 TERRACES - wifi - EXCELLENT beachfront location- About 150 meter to Estrella del Mar Beach Club Bar- and Restaurant with a 5 star Spa, Gym, steam bath, Sauna, Massage, heated pool indoor, heated pool out door ( daily ticket extra charge ). Another highlight is la Planche Belgium French RESTAURANT IN 100 METER DISTANCE and La Scala Italian Restaurant only 150 meters away. The Urbanization Golden Beach is located on One of the best beaches in Marbella - perfect for family couples - Child friendly 3 POOLS including children pool and play ground .
Wonderful tropical garden with seating areas for reading and relaxing

Great restaurants right in front on the beach.
A Duplex Penthouse of 95 m2 (+ 40 m2 roof-terrace) and the apartment on the 1st Floor of 110 m2 build that combination of 2 apartments which have 4 bedrooms together and separate entrances. Perfect for a larger family who are looking for a quiet place and chill out for summer evenings. The apartments are one on top of the other . The highlight of the apartments are the large roof terrace with outdoor lounge bed with amazing sea view mountain view and view to the garden and pool areas . Beachfront apartment complex right next to the beach. Award-winning garden with exotic plants, streams, fountains and two large pools and two children's pools for the youngest children. The apartments consists of 2 kitchens, 2 living rooms, 4 bedrooms (1 queen + 2 single beds and 2 sofa beds in 1st floor appt. and one queen bed and 2 single beds and 2 extra beds in upper floor apt.), 4 bathrooms, private roof terrace. From the terrace you have a beautiful view of the sea - pool and mountains and the spectacular nice garden area. The apartment is just 80 meters from one of Marbella's best and most child-friendly beaches. We have a playground for little children only 40 meters away. Several restaurants, bar coffee , hair dresser , butcher , Pharmacy , bus station and 2 large supermarkets in walking distance . Close to golf and tennis clubs, 8 km to Marbella and 12 km to Puerto Banus. The apartment has everything needed for a comfortable vacation: fully equipped kitchens including dishwashers, washing machines, ironing board . For families with children there is also a cot, high chair and a stroller on request.Composition: 2 kitchen, 4x bedroom, 4x bathroom, 2 Living rooms with Smart TV areas.
Amenities: Terrace, air conditioning, heating, swimming pool, bed linen & towels,Beach towels, hairdryer, free wireless internet, free parking on the street, paid cot on request,

The Beachclub Estrella del Mar, is next to the Urbanization on the Beach and has a Spa, Gym, Massage, Heated Pool, turkish bath, Wellness, Pilates Courses, Yoga. We have an agreement with them, they give you a 10% discount
