Unique penthouse with a big WOW-factor, there is nothing else like it on the market on the Costa del Sol! This penthouse has been completely redesigned and renovated in 2022/3 to a very high quality. All the living area can be found on the main floor, along with a large terrace for outdoor dining and sofas. The upstairs terrace is one huge solarium divided in different areas such as a chill-out area, a bar, a sauna and a high-end jacuzzi/plunge pool.  The position of this penthouse in the complex is also the best, completely south facing and with open views to the sea, and not overlooked.

When you enter the living area it is simply jaw-dropping. It is a huge open plan area carefully divided in kitchen area, TV-area (with the latest fancy Bang Olufsen TV), dining area and lounge area. The features are amazing, like the high vaulted ceiling and the fireplace in natural stone stretching all the way up, only to be mirrorded by the view to the old Roman tower in front of the complex. It is modern living while feeling the history of the past going back over 1.500 years. The kitchen with its kitchen island is large, stylish and of the highest quality. Behind a panelled wall is a hidden laundry room.
The master bedroom is reminiscent of the best luxury hotel suite with its walk-in-wardrobe, en-suite bathroom and sitting area. There are further one guest bedroom with en-suite bathroom, two guest bedrooms sharing a bathroom and a guest toilet.
Two parking spaces and 2 storage roomS in the underground basement.

Torre Bermeja is an elite beachfront development situated on Estepona's New Golden Mile. Situated in a privileged position the stunning views of the Mediterranean Sea and the Sierra Bermeja mountain range (where the urbanization takes its name from) encompass this Desirable community. Torre Bermeja is renowned for its five star facilities suchlike as 24 hour security, two outdoor swimming pools, a heated indoor swimming pool, two gymnasiums, a sauna, Wi-Fi, and is conveniently located with direct access to the beach.

