Spectacular brand new villa in the Cortijos del Sol urbanization, in one of the best areas of Alhaurin de la Torre.

The villa has 2 floors with a total built area of ​​508 m2 (412 m2 inside and 96 m2 outside), all on a plot of 781 m2.

Ground floor:
The entire plot is fenced with a walled wall built with imitation natural stone concrete blocks. Entrance gate to the villa. In the garden we find several fruit trees as well as planters and orchard, all supported by drip irrigation. Inside the house we have a huge living room of 79 m2 with two recreation areas, an open kitchen with an island and a dining area with direct access to a large covered veranda with an impressive wooden pergola. From the veranda we have access, on the same level, to a beautiful infinity pool with extensive views of the valley and the mountains, a hammock area where there is a full bathroom with shower.

From the pool we have access to the master bedroom, with a 4 meter long wardrobe, a beautiful bathroom with a designer shower and bathtub, and a luxurious dressing room of 10m2. On the same floor there is a double bedroom with a custom-made wardrobe and direct access to an elegant bathroom with shower.

Base:
Floor of 180 m2 with a basement, two double rooms (one of which is used as an office), a bathroom with shower, storage and diaphanous area with a relaxation area and another for guests with a built-in bar and a fridge for drinks. It is completed with space for vehicles and a garage door with an independent entrance and exit door for pedestrians.

Possibility to expand the number of rooms and bathrooms without changing the building volume.

The house is located between 10 and 20 minutes from the main points of Malaga: Malaga International Airport, AVE Station, Technology Park, main shopping centers in the area, Malaga center and the historic center, several beaches of Malaga and Torremolinos, several golf courses ( Parador, Lauro golf, ...) etc. Excellent location in a consolidated commercial and equipment zone (supermarkets, shopping centers, leisure area, restaurants, schools, etc.)

Energy certificate A!
Solar panels save energy and hot water
Traditional infinity pool, with saline purification equipment
Citerne for running water
300 liter water tank for hot water
Porcelain floor first quality
Kommerling climalit windows throughout the house, imitation wood, turn and tilt with safety glass 6+6.4
Street gate with reinforced steel fixing
Dektor system kitchen worktops (Cosentino) and Siemens appliances
Roca brand bathrooms
Magnetic locking system on all doors