Estepona , Excellent Huge Multipurpose Plot with Panoramic Sea & Mountain  Views, Montemayor
If you are dreaming of having an idyllic Mediterranean retreat for the most privileged lifestyle in
one of the most prestigious area of Europe, don't miss this fantastic huge plot for sale in
Montemayor! Located in the Golden Triangle, Marbella – Estepona – Benahavís, it offers
panoramic sea views and the opportunity to build a mansion (or much more) in a beautiful
community next to Benahavis. The area is famous for its stunning nature and high-end
properties that offer comfort and joy of living in the lap of nature being only minutes' drive away
from the buzzing coast.
The superb flat plot is south-orientated and has incredible 360-degree views of the pastoral hills
and mountains, Mediterranean Sea, Rock of Gibraltar and African coastline. It is 16.839m2 in
size, with 13.969m2 classified as ‘residential and allowing for construction'. A custom-made
project has also been developed for a grand-villa, as well as a development for up to 6 villas.
Additionally, 2.870m2 are classified as commercial and can be used for other purposes. 
Surrounded by a dramatic mountain range, Montemayor is a secure picturesque estate situated
in the green hills of the Benahavis municipality. This is a special place where Andalusian style is
enriched by European chic without losing unique Moorish influence. Even the name is the part
of the rich heritage, taken from 11th-century Moorish prince Havis who reigned in Montemayor
Castle. The gated community with 24-hour surveillance spans over 330 hectares of land, of
which 54% remains a green belt zone, therefore it offers low-density and exclusive tranquil
living amongst the magnificent Andalusian landscape. 
At the same time it is only a 15-minute drive to the beach, 25-minutes to Puerto Banús with all
its glamour and chic, and less than 1-hour drive from both Malaga and Gibraltar airports. Plenty
of golf courses will please the true aficionados of golf. 10-minute away lies remarkably
unspoiled Benahavis, with a picturesqueness which almost makes it seem like a film set. This white hillside village is wellu0002known for its beauty of nature, traditional architecture, hospitality and authentic restaurants
(expect the best roasted lamb and suckling pig in a wood-fire oven).
Enjoy a wonderful Mediterranean lifestyle recognized by the UNESCO as an ‘Intangible Cultural
Heritage of Humanity'!
