NIGHT GUARD - 4 CARS GARAGE - PANORAMIC VIEWS - GATED URBANIZATION in one of the most exclusive gated villa urbanizations in Los Naranjos, that is one of the absolutely best parts of Nueva Andalucía, where you find this large beautifully designed quality villa. For highest safety it is a gated community that also has a night guard all year around and for easy living there are gardeners maintaining all public areas. The location is on a cul de sac street, within the urbanization, so it is also extremely safe and tranquil without any disturbance from traffic or pedestrians. The house and its garden are very private, and you can see the sea already from the ground level and it have the most amazing panoramic view over the famous and impressive mountain, La Concha. This beautiful classic villa was built 2005 in highest quality, with only the best quality materials. There is 5 en suite bedrooms, a huge garage for 3-4 cars and a lot of storage where one of them could be transformed into a cinema room or gym. You of course find under floor heating in all living areas, an high end elevator (brand OTIS) that not only takes you between the 2 floors but also to the garage level, a large SieMatic kitchen with high end appliances such as: Gaggenau, Miele etc. You have a welcome hall, large living room and dining room with high ceilings and the kitchen adjoining from the dining room. The whole house both inside and outside has recently been refurbished to take it to highest quality standards and a new intelligent AC/heat-unit has been installed 2022 that runs both the AC system and reverse to heat the under-floor heating system in the winter. All rooms are individually cooled or heated to the desired temperature. Nueva Andalucía is located just over popular Puerto Banús with its superb selection of restaurants, night clubs, exclusive shops etc where you find some of the best night life on the hole coast, but at a perfect distance. Nueva Andalucía is often called The Golf Valley, and not surprising when you find so many of the most popular golf courses in such small area. Very close to the house you find: Las Brisas Golf Club, Los Naranjos and Aloha Golf Club.