SOLD
Immaculate Luxury Renovated Top Floor Redesigned Penthouse, enviably positioned within the prestigious community of El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, offering exquisite tropical palm garden & swimming pool views encapsulated by the surrounding hills and mountains of El Paraiso Alta Benahavis.  
Conveniently accessed from Calle Chopo in El Parasio Alta an area of outstanding natural beauty and tranquillity. 
The community of Cortes Del Golf Benahavis is consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf and residential choice designed within outstanding tropical gardens and offers direct access from the Cortes Del Golf community onto the famous El Paraiso Alta 18 hole golf course green. 

From within the exquisite gardens of the community a private staircase acesses a spectacular view additional sunny terrace, the main entrance opens up to a new luxury redesigned open plan kitchen with convenient integrated dining & breakfast table situated on front of a fabulous lounge & tv room offering spectacular views to the cascading golf waterfall feature of the swimming pool, tropical palm gardens and the mountains and hills of El Paraiso Alta, a further exterior dining terrace is accessed from wide picture windows of the lounge offering tropical garden and mountain views. 
The entire flooring is complimented with brand new Scandinavian pine porcelain tiling creating an exclusive contemporary appeal throughout. 
Master double bedroom is luxury furnished and offers an immaculate new contemporary Andalucian ensuite porcelian bathroom, the bedroom offers picturesque views to the Roman garden feature decorated with tall palm trees and colourful bourganvilla with tiled pathways.  
A further contemporary luxury furnished guest bedroom with single beds complimented with adjacent immaculate contemporary porcelian guest bathroom.

Newly Installed Electric Persian Blinds, White Climatic Aluminium Windows and picture sliding doors with high standard made to measure curtains, window blinds and mosquito blinds.
New suspended ceilings with integrated spots on dimmer switches. New carpentry.  
Both new bathrooms offer spacious walk in showers, LED Retro Thin Mirrors with ROCA Porcelain vanity units, contemporary Andalucian porcelain tiling features and wall mounted digital heating towel rails.  
New Air-conditioning Units. Dishwasher installed. * calcium free drinking water supply installed available via a dedicated tap at the kitchen, Balay Kitchen Appliances. Storage closets at the entrance terrace.
New Double Awning installed at the lounge terrace. New terracotta flooring at the entrance terrace. 

The property is accessed from an exquisite Andalucian tiled winding staircase feature, the entrance hosts a 2nd dining and relaxation terrace offering spectacular views onto the tropical palm gardens and rolling hills of Parasio Alta. 

A fabulous top floor penthouse situated at the foot of the El Parasio Golf course with direct access onto the golf course green from the Cortes Del Golf Residents car park. 

A rare opportunity to acquire a fully renovated redesigned, one level Penthouse in El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, Benahavis.
Perfect for golfers or families. Suitable for all year round living or vacation usage
El Paraiso Golf Club House offers a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round.
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita, Villa Padierna Club Del Mar & Tennis Club, and to Bel Air Commercial Center offering essential services and an excellent choice of restaurants
A short drive to Estepona, Marbella, The Golden Mile and to Puerto Banus.
24 hour Area Roaming Security at the entrance to El Paraiso Alta Benahavis 
New Luxury Furniture is optional / For sale separate to the property
Viewing is Highly Recommended