Welcome to one of the most luxurious duplex penthouses currently on the market in the prestigious gated resort-like community - Palo Alto. This penthouse has a spacious and beautiful interior together with huge terrace spaces offering fantastic panoramic views of the Mediterranean sea and mountain views with the sun light throughout the whole day. The home has been developed up to the highest standards and completed in 2020.
This penthouse offers an open plan living room connecting the kitchen and dinning area together. The kitchen is designed by Gunni & Trentino with Siemens appliances and has direct and convenient access to the separate laundry area.
Going out to the the terrace, you are immediately amazed by one of the best sea and mountain views you can possibly find in Marbella. Each corner offers a private seating area with its own privacy as well. The main terrace has a jacuzzi, lounge area and staircase leading to the rooftop terrace. 
Once you are on the rooftop terrace, you feel like in a private villa. Over 100m2 extra space has a heated pool, sun beds and lounge sofa to experience a complete serenity and the feeling of absolute luxury.
The penthouse has 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 guest toilet room. The master bedroom with ensuite bathroom has a direct access to the terrace and a kingsize bed facing the sunset views. The second bedroom is on the opposite side of the property which also has a direct access to the terrace greeted by the morning sun. The third bedroom is a very generous size with two single beds. Both bedrooms share a bathroom with a bathtub and a toilet. 
All areas in this wonderful penthouse have a central air-con system with heating and cooling functions which can be controlled individually in every room.
The underground secured parking garage for 2 cars and a storage room is included in the price. The parking garage has an elevator access that goes to the top floor and to the entrance of the penthouse. The furniture package is 50.000 Euros.

At Palo Alto you will find everything that you can ever need in terms of luxury services: 24-hour security, concierge, tennis court, gym, spa, co-working place, organic food market, horse riding trails, outdoor pools and endless space to enjoy the natural beauty of the mountain and view over the sea. All within just several minutes from shopping centre La Canada, Puerto Banus and the centre or Marbella.