Are you ready for your own original Andalusian townhouse?
This 3 storey property with huge roof terrace is located in the center of Benaojan, one of the most prettiest white villages close to Ronda.
After renovation this could be a fantastic hide away from your busy live where to enjoy your free time within the Andalusian culture with a perfect mix: living, relaxing, enjoying, working from your second home! A stones-throw away from the cosy shops, restaurants and church. What else do you want?
On the lower floor you enter the townhouse in the living room with open access to the kitchen and bathroom next to it. At the end the dining area overlooking the street and mountains from a balconycony. On the second floor are three bedrooms of which two are connected. Here the stairs bring you to the roof terrace with a third bedroom and bathroom. Next to it you find a utility room which can easily be converted to a fourth bedroom. Both looking out on the roof terrace with spectacular views on the town and mountains.
It has not been lived in for 10 years and at the moment it is being cleaned and prepared for the new owners to reform and put their personal stamp on.

A huge opportunity to convert this original townhouse into your charming Andalusian casa!

Benaojan:
This Andalusian village is one of the region's finest examples of Pueblos Blancos (white villages) and nationally renowned for its sausage production. It has Moorish origins. The area is popular for rural tourism, and offers excellent walks, mountain views and potholing. Indeed, the lower part of the municipality runs into Grazalema Natural Park, with the valley dominated by the striking limestone peaks.
The most important fiesta is celebrating the arrival of the railway and the boom it sparked. The Verbena del Tren is an open-air event at the railway station at the end of July. At least 80 kilos of Benaojan sausage are laid out for partygoers and the sangria flows. Other fiestas are celebrated on the 25 April to San Marcos and on 7 October for the Virgin of Rosario. The famous Cueva del Gato (Cat Cave) is a few kms from the village.
