This very unique villa is located within the very popular urbanisation of  Los Pinos de Alhaurin in Alhaurin de la Torre. This small town is a lovely place, you are just 15 minutes away from beaches and Malaga city centre. It is an excellent area to go hiking, walking or cycling in the nearby forest. This stunning house is close to all of the towns amenities including local schools, shops and sports facilities.

This modern residence is blessed with an elevated position on a hill and sits on a 1.800 m2 plot, with a total build size of over 500m2. The house has 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, 2 guest toilets), 3 living rooms, a gym, 3 terraces, fully equipped kitchen, large garage and a private swimming pool.

Thanks to its design and its orientation this spacious property blends into the environment. The entrance to this stunning home is majestic with a flight of steps leading up to a tall and beautifully crafted front door. 

In the entrance hall you will notice the double height  ceiling and the impressive architectural shapes, in fact the whole house has been designed in such a unique style that this villa could be shown in any lifestyle magazine it is an architectural work of art. 

Throughout the interior of this magnificent villa the style is bright with modern lines. The house receives plenty of natural light throughout the day. There is a central staircase which is not only the centrepiece of the house but means that the house can easily be divided into two separate residences.

From the upper floor a spiral staircase leads up to a rooftop terrace with stunning panoramic views of the countryside, perfect for relaxing in a jacuzzi.

The basement has a pre-installation for a spa with a window giving you an underwater view of the swimming pool. There is extra space to install a cinema room, games room or bar and below there is squash court. A 3D virtual design for this part of the house is available which gives a real view of the many possibilities that could be done with this space. 

This villa must be viewed to appreciate its uniqueness.