Gracefull Classic style Villa in the heart of El Paraiso Alto available for Sale!

The house was build in 2007 and fully constructed to the detail by the owner. Consisting of three levels, 5 spacious bedrooms and 6 bathrooms. 
This quality Villa boasts full privacy and tranquillity facing south and east in a sought after location .
About the property

On the ground level: 
When you enter the house, a spacious high ceilieng foyer, further the Living room with large windows and a cozy fire place. From the living room you have a dining room with access to the covered terrace and garden with a good size pool. On the same level you have a fully equiped large kitchen and 2 bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms. One bedroom has direct access to the terrace, and all bedrooms have fitted wardropes.

Second level:

The staircase to the second floor is made of high quality wood, which was hand picked by the owner himself, as well as all the materials in the house. Every bathroom has diffrent type of marbol from Spain and Portugal. Here you have 3 bedrooms and and a long terrace which connects all bedrooms. The master bedroom has a long sapcious walk in closet. 

Basement level:

On this level you have a huge garage with a boiler room & laundry room. The garage fits about 7 cars and has the oppurtunity to make a gym area, a workshop etc.

Additionally the property is in perfect condition, and only needs little visual modernization and refurbishment, otherwhise is a high quality villa constructed with solid materials, and with all kinds additional amenities such as electric blinds, hydro massage bathtubs in all bathrooms.

The house is set on a large plot of 1.717m and has a well-maintained mature garden full of of various plants and a good size swimming pool. It has a private cistern of 18.000 litres of water.

10 min drive away from Puerto Banus
10 min drive to Estepona
7 min drive to Benahavis

About El Paraiso:
The area of El Paraiso Alto is located between cancelada and benahavis and is the highest point of El Paraiso, where the all properties have spectacular views. 
Considered as one of the prestigious areas of Marbella.
The El Paraiso golf club is located nearby, one of the costa del sol´s best championchip courses. 
The area offers a variaty of restaurants and the next grocery shop is 5 minute drive away. 

Interested? Contact us for more information and visits!

Ask us about our services: airport transfers, hotel reservations, tax identification number applications, opening bank accounts, as well as recommendations for lawyers, tax advisors, residence management, and Golden Visa applications.