A superb family home located very close to Guadalmina Golf Club House and within walking distance to all amenities, this 6 bedroom villa sits on a large private plot with mature landscaped gardens.

The property comprises of an entrance hall with feature staircase and cloakroom leading through to a good sized living room with open fireplace. From here you can access the large covered terrace and games room, complete with a full sized snooker table and table football table. The living room also leads off to two bedrooms with shared bathroom and to the separate dining room complete with a "secret passage" to one of the two double garages the property has. The dining room also has a lovely terrace with stunning views of the garden. From the dining room you access the large fully fitted kitchen, complete with dining area and an adjacent fully functional utility room.

On the first floor there are two good sized bedrooms, one en-suite and a huge master bedroom suite with fitted wardrobes, a large bathroom with Jacuzzi bath, double sinks, w.c and separate shower. The master bedroom leads out onto a good sized terrace which has incredible views of the garden and also slight sea views and views of La Concha mountain. There is also a loft in the roof of one of the bedrooms, something very unusual in Spain, but a very useful area for additional storage.

Outside we have a very large floodlight garden, stocked full of mature trees and shrubs. The heated swimming pool is a good size and has an ample area for sun loungers. Adjacent to the pool is a stunning thatch pergola with BBQ and separate w.c. and shower. There is also a self contained apartment comprising of a lounge, kitchen and bathroom, ideal for extra family or for staff accommodation. Behind this annexe there is another double garage which is accessed from the other side of the property.

Although the villa is in great condition there is also an outline project available to modernise the property and transform it into a high end luxurious 8 bedroom villa, which would add significant value to the property. Plans are available on request.

Viewing is highly recommend for this villa as it really has to be viewed to be fully appreciated.