Stunning corner Penthouse on an exclusive urbanisation. This is a must-see property! 
3 bed corner Penthouse in immaculate condition. Large lounge/dining area and a recently upgraded high spec, open plan kitchen with large utility room and Siemens appliances throughout. The utility room includes a Miele washer and dryer. The spacious super-king size master bedroom has fitted wardrobes & large ensuite shower/bathroom. 2 Further large double bedrooms, also with fitted wardrobes. Large second bathroom with walk-in shower.
All rooms (including the 3 bedrooms) have double glazed sliding patio doors which lead onto an extremely large terrace giving huge amount of natural light into this modern apartment.
The terrace spans around the whole apartment where you have sun all day long and offers both sea and mountain views. Below you will see the exceptionally well-kept garden area with large communal pool, children's pool and padel court.
Additionally, you will find an underground parking space and large storage room. This penthouse also comes with a 2nd parking space.
The complex has 24hr manned security with concierge service.
Setting is a 5 min walk to the beach. There are restaurants and bars aplenty within a few minutes' walk, including a well-established award-winning Spanish restaurant less than 100 meters away. Dona Julia golf club is on the doorstep. The main town with paseo is lined with chiringuitos and restaurants, along with necessary amenities such as pharmacies, supermarkets, banks etc all within a 15 min walk. The popular Puerto De La Duquesa port is a short 5 minute drive.
One of the best located and most stunning Penthouses in the area.


Penthouse, Casares Playa, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 130 m², Terrace 127 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Town.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Pool.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
