Luxury villa in Valtocado  

This large, modern villa is located in the sought-after urbanisation of Valtocado, in Mijas. Valtocado is a tranquil, exclusive urbanisation just a 20 minute drive from Málaga aeroport, 15 minutes from Fuengirola town and a short 5 minute drive to the famous white village, Mijas Pueblo. 

Overlooking the Mediterranean Sea as well as the Ronda mountains - this property has some of the best views on the Costa del Sol. The villa is south-facing and enjoys a stunning 360° view of the coast and the mountains. 

The property has underfloor heating, hot and cold A/C and tempered glass windows throughout the entire villa. The property also features solar panels for the underfloor heating as well as the water heating system. 

On the ground floor level of the villa there is a lovely, big entrance with a guest toilet and an elevator going to the garage. Enter the huge open-concept dining/living room. On one side of the dining room is the modern, fully fitted kitchen with patio doors leading directly out to the back garden of the property. The kitchen features 2 ovens, 2 refrigerators, 2 freezers, a dishwasher, induction cookers and a microwave. There is a special tap for drinking water. 
On the other side of the dining room there are also patio doors leading out to the large terrace - glass curtains have been fitted so it is possible to enjoy the sunrises and sunsets from the terrace all year round. 
There is a stunning living room - with coloured LED ceiling lights, a second elevator leading to the rooftop terrace where there is a jacuzzi, as well as to the level below the ground floor, stairs leading up- & downstairs and patio doors giving direct access to the terrace from where there is a fabulous 360° view. 
Through the living room, there is access to the only bedroom on this floor. The master bedroom also has a huge walk-in closet with a big isle in the middle and fitted wardrobes along both sides of the room. From the master bedroom it is also possible to access a large terrace which wraps around most of the main level of the villa. There is also direct access to a small balcony from the en-suite bathroom. The views from here are absolutely incredible - enjoy a nice hot bubble bath while looking out at the sun setting over the Andalusian countryside. 

It is possible to access the level below the ground floor via the stairs or the elevator in the living room. On this floor there is a second large living room which has a bar with built-in wine shelves, in a rustic style, and a billiard table. There is also a guest toilet attached to this living room. 
Additionally, there are two big bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms on this level. Each bedroom has fitted wardrobes and patio doors leading out to the garden and pool area. One of the en-suite bathrooms has a Turkish bath. 
There is a large laundry room with a kitchenette and an adjoining storage room.
This floor also features a large cinema room with ceiling lights and comfortable cinema chairs as well as a surround sound speakers. 

The property also has a completely independent annex consisting of a spacious bedroom, a bathroom, a bright kitchen and a living room. There is an additional room which is being used for electrics and water tanks. 

There is a huge garden which wraps around the entire property and a lot of terraced areas to enjoy the weather and entertain guests. Beside the salt pool there is a massive outdoor kitchen. 
There is a smaller children's pool next to the infinity pool - the perfect place to relax and enjoy the extraordinary sea view. 

The property also features another storage room, a septic tank which reuses the top layer of water for the irrigation system, and a two car garage. 
