Great and hard to find situation for this semi-detached house, it feels like a Penthouse with open panoramic views of the famous Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia: its unique corner situation due to its location and its spectacular views of La Concha mountain.

It is a unique and intimate urbanization with just a few neighbors, and due to its privileged location.
The entrance gives to a hall with a full guest bathroom with window, and to the impressive size living room (more than 100m2), with direct access to a gigantic private terrace with more than 100m2: where you can admire the spectacular views of the mountains and the golf course. The independent kitchen, with an exterior window, has direct access to the living room with a magnificent dining room situation.

Going up the stairs you access the night area, with the guest bedroom and the dedicated bathroom that overlooks the corridor.
The same corridor has many closets accessing the master bedroom: with a unique situation, with a large window and magnificent views of the mountains and the entire wonderful Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucía.
The master bedroom has a beautiful wooden dressing room that communicates with an en-suite bathroom, with underfloor heating.
From the master bedroom, you can access a private patio that gives access to some stairs to go up to the private terrace of the house, with open panoramic views of the entire valley.

The property also has a 10m2 basement as an outlet for laundry and ironing area.

The property has hot/cold air conditioning, fireplace, private parking spaces at the door: a unique and complete situation to enjoy the charm of Marbella, Nueva Andalucia.

Las Brisas has been the venue for many professional tournaments, gaining more and more notoriety over the years, until today it is considered one of the best European golf clubs.
All kinds of needs around restaurants, banks and shops a few meters away, with the center of services and restaurants in Aloha, within walking distance, the Centro Plaza shopping center.
Las Brisas, elegant and sophisticated, is an ideal place for the whole family.