In this new exclusive we offer you a magnificent individual villa located in the "El Olivar" Urbanization, a very quiet area that once the new urbanization project and creation of an 18-hole golf course is approved will be located in a privileged area (La Junta The local government of the Malaga City Council has definitively given the green light to the urbanization project for the Rojas-Santa Tecla sector, which is located in the Churriana district. This area, which has an area of 1,488,269 square meters, is located near from Campamento Benítez and the sectors of Cortijo de Mazas and El Olivar, bordering the municipality of Torremolinos) and well located just nine kilometers from the center of Malaga, two from Torremolinos and with good access to the Mediterranean highway, 10 minutes from the Andalusia Technology Park and the University of Malaga.

It is a high-end residential development, in which two schools are located. Close to all services, shopping centers (Carrefour Los Patios, Corte Inglés Bahía Málaga or Torremolinos), supermarkets (such as Mercadora, Día, Lidl, etc.), leisure centers (Plaza Mayor), airport, two golf courses and Of course the beach, all of this can be found within a radius of just two kilometers, and it is located in the upper part of the Urbanization without vehicle traffic and with security 24 hours a day.

The 250-meter house has on the main floor a large kitchen, a large living room with a covered terrace and four large bedrooms with built-in wardrobes, as well as two large bathrooms, one of them en suite. You also have a completely open basement of 270 m2. with direct access to the barbecue area. It also has a saline hydrolysis pool, perfectly maintained gardens, solar panels that give it energy autonomy and a large parking lot where you can park up to 8 cars.

An opportunity that you cannot miss, call me and let's see it

In compliance with the R.D. of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of October 11, which approves the regulation of consumer information in the purchase, sale and rental of homes in Andalusia, the client is informed that the Abbreviated Information Document is available in our office ( DAY.). The purchase and sale expenses (notary, registration and I.T.P.) are not included in the price of the home.
There are no real estate brokerage fees additional to the sale price."