Would you like to enjoy an unbeatable natural environment?

 Live in Álora and delight yourself with two very different environments: on the one hand, the beauty of the Guadalhorce Valley and, on the other, the spectacular nature of the Montes de Málaga.

 Just 12 kilometers from the natural area of ​​the Desfiladero de los Gaitanes, located in El Chorro, where the famous Caminito del Rey resides.

 Álora is a privileged municipality located in a unique natural environment, surrounded by wonderful landscapes and incredible routes for hiking and practicing your favorite sport in the company of family and friends.

 In order to get to know and enjoy all this natural wealth, I offer you the opportunity to live in this beautiful house located in a quiet area near the urban center of the town.

 It has 163 meters of surface spread over three floors. In addition, it has a basement that can offer multiple uses.

 On the main floor we find a spacious living room with a fireplace, a fully equipped independent kitchen, a bathroom, a laundry room, a patio and access to the basement.

 The second floor has another living room, three bedrooms with their fitted wardrobes, windows and balconies to the outside, as well as a toilet.

 On the third and last floor we have a fourth room and a large terrace from which you can enjoy spectacular views of the town, as well as the emblematic Castle and the Hacho mountain.

 The house, dating from the year 1900, is in an excellent state of conservation. Housing completely renovated and adapted to current needs. It has a totally new piping system that is independent from the rest of the houses, as well as an electrical system that has also been renovated and multiple areas used for storage.

 The house is well protected, since it has an alarm system, security cameras and bars on windows and balconies.

 In addition, it has air conditioning and a large fireplace in the main room to make your home warmer and more pleasant during winter days.

 And, of course, in the town you will find multiple services such as schools, shops, health center, restaurants, banks and savings banks and it is well connected, since the suburban train takes you to different areas of the province of Malaga. and connects with the AVE.

 In Álora we must also highlight its gastronomy, as well as its different traditional festivals, such as Holy Week and Perotas Soups, among others, which makes it a claim for tourism throughout the year.

 Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or need more information.