Finca in the area of La Cedia in Casares with a beautiful garden and spectacular views of the mountain Sierra Bermeja
This finca enjoys one of the best plots in La Cedia, it is completely flat, has a mature garden of fruit trees, a spectacular lawn area and a lot of beautiful flowers.
The garden looks like a paradise, the plot is completely flat, you can walk through this beautiful garden and enjoy the spectacular views of the  mountain Sierra Bermeja.
This property also has an area for horses with stables.
At the entrance of the finca there is an iron pergola, adorned with flowers which cover the entire roof of the pergola, being the car park area of the property, there is space in the pergola for several cars,also the property has a private entrance door for cars , so it is possible to leave the cars inside the property.
When you enter at the property there is a large terrace, surrounded by flowers, with a beautiful fountain, from this terrace you access a large covered terrace with access a large hall with a living area, from the hall you can access to the two living rooms of the property and the bedrooms.
One of the living rooms has high ceilings and a beautiful fireplace, from this living room there is access to a large fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, next to the kitchen there is a laundry area and a storage room, from the kitchen there is access to a large covered terrace with a beautiful iron pergola, lined with flowers wich gives access to the beautiful garden of the finca and the large swimming pool, from this  living room through a stair we have access to a large bedroom with a spectacular terrace, which runs along the roof of the house and has spectacular views of the gardens of the house and the mountain Sierra Bermeja, a part of this terrace is covered, being a very nice area to enjoy the beautiful views we have of the mountains. This bedroom has an ensuite bathroom fully equipped.
The other living room has a beautiful wooden ceiling, with access to the garden.
The spacious master bedroom has a high ceiling with wooden beams, a fireplace and a large fully equipped ensuite bathroom with bath and shower. The master bedroom has a living room with access to the gardens.
There are other two large bedrooms with access to the gardens, which share a large fully fitted ensuite bathroom.
From the large terrace at the entrance of the house with beautiful flowers, there is access to the bar with a nice wooden ceiling, this bar  has a fully equipped bathroom.
Next to the terrace there is also a barbecue area and a large storage room which could be converted into another bedroom with bathroom.
The garden has spectacular grassy area with a lot of mature fruit trees  and a gym, when the grassy area ends we can access the horse area and the stables.
The property  has a guest house, with a large wooden-ceilinged bedroom, two covered terraces with wooden ceilings and access to the gardens and swimming pool.
This country property of Casares has a lovely mature garden, very well maintained, it is a dream home, a paradise near the sea and all kinds of services.
It is located in one of the best areas of Casares, in La Cedia, where there is a forest of tree cork and pine trees, it is a beautiful place to live.
This finca is located at 20 minutes by car to the sea and Estepona city with all kind of services, 45minutes to Marbella and 60 minutes to Malaga airport.
If you are looking for something with a lot of charm, in a beautiful natural environment, this is your property.
