This traditional charming villa, located in the popular community of Puerto de la Torre, a short walk from a selection of shops, bars and restaurants is perfect for those seeking a private and secluded property within easy reach to the centre of Málaga. The entrance of the plot is set just off the curb, grand in appearance with mature vegetation offering shade and privacy. As the gates open, a sloped driveway leads down to the main courtyard where you will find ample parking for several cars, car port and a spacious garage and storeroom. The courtyard has retractable sunshades spanning the front of the property. A lovely feature here is the retaining wall with the blooming Bougainvillea. 

The villa is distributed over two levels, with an independent one-bedroom apartment. As you enter the main part of the property, you are immediately welcomed by a traditional arch with Greek style columns and traditional Spanish covings. To the right is a good-sized kitchen diner, with pantry and direct access to the terrace, a perfect spot for alfresco dining. To the left a guest WC/Utility room. Directly ahead, you are drawn into a bright and spacious living space, with open fireplace and lovely views above the canopy of trees that surround this community. From the living room you access the internal hallway. Here you will find three double bedrooms, family bathroom and a master suite with an impressive en-suite bathroom which includes its own plunge pool. 

Downstairs with its own independent entrance is the guest accommodation. A spacious open plan living space with fully fitted kitchen, bathroom and bedroom. There is scope to re-configure this space into a three-bedroom apartment subject to planning consent. 

Outside has a lot to offer. A large, covered swimming pool sits comfortably within its surroundings, surrounded by lush mature vegetation, offering lovely shade on those hot summer days. The plot has various terraces and storerooms with ample storage. It is a lovely low maintenance garden perfect for entertaining family and guests. 

The Villa is south facing, and in good condition. It does require modernisation and offers the perfect opportunity for a potential buyer to place their own stamp on the property. The pool is covered which allows use all year round. There is hot/cold air conditioning installed, an open fireplace, has town water and mains electricity. 

All the events, culture, and facilities Málaga has to offer is just a short 10-minute drive away. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.