Townhouse, Marbella, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 151 m², Terrace 30 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East, South, West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Mountain, Garden.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Parking : Garage.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment.

This cosy townhouse is Located in the quiet urbanization San Javier near golf courses, cafes, schools, supermarket and all amenities you need. Only 10 minutes' drive from Marbella where you can find service providers and shops. Easy access by the roads A-7 and N-340.

It has an area of 151 m² distributed over 2 floors and consists of four bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, 2 bathrooms, a living/dining room with access to a 30 m2 spacious terrace with BBQ, fully equipped open kitchen, and a storage room. There is a private parking included in the price of this property. The house will be sold furnished.

San Javier Townhouse is in the beautiful residential area Aloha, only 15 minutes' walk from the Aloha Strip offering restaurants, bars and supermarkets. Just down the road in the neighbouring urbanisation, there is a small shopping centre that offers a Mercadona supermarket, a few restaurants and a Yoga Centre.
The location is perfect for residents as well as an investment opportunity, with only a few minutes' drive to the beach, Puerto Banús and the Old Town of Marbella.
There are several golf courses very close such as La Dama de Noche Golf Club, the clubs of Los Naranjos, Aloha and Magna Marbella (par 3 course for beginners).
San Javier Townhouse is the ideal choice for those, who wants to be in the heart of everything, though appreciate a tranquil environment.
Amenities
Aircon
Community pool & garden
Private garage
Storage room

Distance:
Supermarket:750m
Golf:1,2Km
Corte Ingles:2,3 Km
Puerto Banus: 3,5Km
Beach:3,4 km

Must be seen! Great opportunity!
