A large villa  in a quiet cul de sac in the Urbanisation of Campo Mijas with a large walled and gated garden with ample parking space for 3 or 4 cars . The property is entered via a gated entrance way to the large parking area with easy access to  the house.  On the upper ground floor there is a pool, barbecue and a sun terrace leading to the entrance hallway, a large open plan living/dining room, second lounge with a fireplace, master bedroom with large shower room, second bedroom with ensuite, large kitchen with separate office/dining area with access to another large sun  terrace.  The living room also has direct access to themain covered and open  terrace, barbecue , bar  and pool with open panoramic south west views over the valley .  The lower floor is reached via a staircase and has two further bedrooms with access to the lower terrace  ,a conservatory, a large shower room and further bedroom with ensuite shower room which has its own private terrace adjacent to the main pedestration entrance . There are ample landscaped gardens for easy maintenance and behind the house there is a large wooden chalet currently used for storage.  The property is in a great location and is within easy access to all the amenities of El Coto. There are open panoramic views from the front terraces and pool area, the house is fully air conditioned and will be sold part furnished. The property has an extra bonus of an elevator . solar panels and is suitable for  the disabled and eldery as well as a great family or holiday home.
Detached Villa, Campo Mijas, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 257 m², Terrace 200 m², Garden/Plot 975 m².

Setting : Suburban, Close To Shops, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Near Transport, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Bar, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished, Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Resale.
