Penthouse, Arroyo de la Miel, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 171 m², Terrace 50 m².

Luxury 4 bedroom  ECO Penthouse with solar electric and water.
situated in an elevated position in Arroyo Miel. Myramar .
The Urbanisation is entered through very clean well maintained garden areas through the security gates or Garage area where this property has 2 parking places and a store room.
A lift direct to the the third floor where the Penthouse is located.
Entry through the security front door direct into the open plan Kitchen lounge and dining area.
The open plan kitchen has high quality Appliance and a new High Value Kitchen in white.
With breakfast bar and a utility/laundry room off it
The L shaped Lounge dining room has 3 patio doors off it onto the wrap around roof terrace.
To one side is a narrower terrace which has been enclosed with Glass Curtains and electric sunblinds, for all year use.
The main part of the terrace has a large open area with artificial grass and gazebo.
Fantastic views to the Sea and the mountains.
There is also an enclosed conservatory which is furnished as a second lounge area with glass curtains and doors. The roof of this has the solar panels which supplies most of the electricity for the property, solar water panels supply all the hot water for the property
Back inside the house, a passageway from the Lounge leads through to the 4 double bedrooms
the Family/Guest bathroom and a further toilet room.
The Main bedroom has an en-suite shower room and a door to the enclosed terrace area.
There is also fully fitted modern wardrobes.
The guest bathroom is modern with a large shower enclosure.
All guest bedrooms are double bed sized and one has a private balcony which is enclosed by glass curtains which are full openable
walking distance to supermarket.
Hot/Cold air-conditioning central heating in every room
2 garages, store room.

Viewings by appointment with prior notice.
Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, More Than One.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
