€ 650.000. Rio Real/ Golf Gardens.  Penthouse 3 bedr./ 3.5 bathr. en suite with terraces.(2 Pools).
€ 650.000. Rio Real/ Golf Gardens.  Duplex penthouse with 3 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms en suite (159 m2) with terraces (87m2).
(2 pools: 1 heated)

Ask us for the drone and interior video's!

Layout:
The apartment is accessible by elevator and stairs from the main entrance and the garage.

2nd floor:
Spacious hall with videophone and guest toilet.

Spacious living/dining room with access to the south/ west-facing terrace,

The semi-covered terrace is located over the entire width of the apartment, and you look out over the beautifully landscaped garden, the street and a swimming pool.

Spacious semi-open living-kitchen in a separate room. The kitchen unit has a silistone worktop, built-in Siemens oven, microwave, ceramic hob, dishwasher and fridge freezer.
The kitchen diner also has a terrace, utility room and a laundry room.

Bedroom 1 has fitted wardrobes and an en-suite bathroom. Bathroom with bath, toilet and washbasin.

3rd floor:

Bedrooms 2 and 3 are almost identical. They have fitted wardrobes, an en-suite bathroom, high ceilings and a sliding door to the roof terrace. Bathroom with bath or walk-in shower, toilet and washbasin.

On both floors is a cream marble floor, hot and cold air conditioning.
All bedrooms and the living room have electric shutters.

Under the building in the basement is the garage with a parking space (16m2) and a large storage room (12m2).

The communal garden is beautifully landscaped and well maintained. There are 2 communal swimming pools, one of which is heated.

The inventory of the apartment is not included in the sale price, but can be taken over if required.

Location:
'Golf Gardens' is located in the quiet area of Río Real with many beautiful villas and apartment complexes east of Marbella. 10 minutes by car from the center of Marbella and approximately 50 minutes from Malaga airport.

The beach of Río Real, called Rio Real Beach (700 meters walk) is part of the famous beach of Los Monteros. You can rent jet skis and surf. The exclusive Beach club & restaurant 'Trocadero Arena' is also located on the beach.

The popular Río Real golf course with hotel & restaurant is within walking distance. The beautiful golf course leads to the beach.

The construction of the 'Four Seasons resort' will soon start, which will give a 'boost' to the entire area.

Opposite the apartment, 'La Cornisa' is currently being built.

La Cornisa is a small-scale apartment complex consisting of 16 apartments in the higher segment of the market. A photo of the project can be found between the photo presentation.

