Luxurious 2-bedroom and 2-bathroom ground-floor apartment with private garden. Spacious terrace. Underground parking space and storage room. Gated residential complex with concierge and 24-hour security. High-end facilities: swimming pools, paddle tennis courts and tropical gardens. Just 10 minutes walk from the beach. Swimming pool, sunbathing area, paddle tennis courts and tropical gardens. Close to Puerto de la Duquesa, Estepona and Puerto de Sotogrande. ***ASK FOR VIDEO***

This spectacular contemporary-style ground-floor apartment is located in the Casares Beach II urbanization, next to the Doña Julia golf club, and just a ten-minute walk from the beach. There are 25 courses in the area including Valderrama and Finca Cortesin (Europe's No. 1 Golf Resort and Spa 2022).  It is a quiet and safe area, as well as close to all services. Estepona and Sotogrande are ten minutes away by car, Marbella and Gibraltar are twenty minutes away.

The entrance consists of the bright hall that leads to the spacious living room with dining area and connected to the private terrace. The fully-fitted BOSCH kitchen is modern and has a separate utility room.

Thanks to the double-glazed floor-to-ceiling windows, there is a sense of continuity between the interior and exterior spaces. The terrace has a barbecue area with outdoor dining, while in the lawn garden one can enjoy the solarium with sun loungers. It features enchanting views of the tropical gardens and swimming pool.

The master suite is spectacular as it has its own hall next to the wardrobe and a double en-suite bathroom with a bathtub. In addition, it is connected to the terrace for maximum enjoyment and privacy of the owners. The guest bedroom is a good size with fitted wardrobes.

This boutique complex has unique facilities typical of a luxury resort: 24-hour security and permanent multilingual concierge, swimming pool with solarium, paddle tennis courts and tropical gardens.

The specifications are luxurious: intercom, armored door, marble floors, double-glazed windows, fitted wardrobes, exterior wooden pergola, BOSCH appliances, high-end toilets and solid brick and concrete foundations. In addition, the apartment comes with with its own underground parking space and storage room. There is remote access to the gated underground car park which has plenty of room to maneuver a car in and out.

This is a wonderful opportunity to acquire a semi-new apartment in perfect condition, close to the beach and golf. It is an area in continuous expansion that is being revalued exponentially.

For more information or to arrange a visit, contact us.