RENTED - ONLY FOR INVESTORS

Townhouse, Elviria, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 160 m², Garden/Plot 120 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East, West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Garden, Courtyard, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Paddle Tennis, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : More Than One, Communal, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment.

The PERFECT LOCATION in a very quiet urbanization, a short distance from the access to the A7 motorway.

A dream urbanization located on the Costa del Sol in the municipal area of Marbella, just 20 minutes from Puerto Banús and 10 minutes from the center of Marbella.

It is just 5 minutes from the beach and the leisure areas of Marbella that stands out with its high-level bars and restaurants, the well-known La Cañada Shopping Center, the Elviria Shopping Center and much more.

The urbanization has outdoor swimming pools, one of them for children, paddle tennis courts and a playground.

The house is prepared for vacation rental, having the corresponding license and therefore you can move in or rent it for a short time.

It has two floors with a large living room, fireplace, separate kitchen, guest toilet, a large patio with barbecue, covered terrace with the possibility of glazing.

On the second floor there are 3 bedrooms, the main one with an en-suite bathroom and access to the terrace that can be used as an office, another 2 bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and a bathroom with a bathtub.

Come and visit and you will be convinced of the advantages that this urbanization offers you.