The only available front line townhouse with large elevated terrace in El Casar, one of the most sought after urbanisations within Benahavis village, with its ideal location just a few minutes' walk to all kinds of amenities and slightly elevated giving it unbeatable views to the valley and mountains, as well as including gym, spa, indoor heated pool and three outdoor pools with gardens included in the community.   

This spacious and bright house is distributed over 3 floors; on the ground floor (73m2 + terrace), we find a guest toilet, recently renovated open plan kitchen leading to the dining room and living room with cassette fireplace and access to a terrace of approximately 100m2. On the first floor (84m2), there are 3 bedrooms, all with en-suite bathrooms and fitted wardrobes. In the basement (93m2), there is a fourth bedroom (currently used as an office) with an exterior window and en-suite bathroom, private gym (easily converted into a games room or 5th bedroom) and laundry and storage room.  The property includes private covered parking. 

Benahavis is not only a white village highly renowned for its gastronomy and golf courses, it also offers many benefits to its residents, such as having the lowest municipal tax in the area, free access to its facilities: Practice tee, paddle and tennis courts, artificial football pitches and a wide variety of workshops. 

Don't miss the opportunity to visit this great property. 

Townhouse, Benahavís, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4.5 Bathrooms, Built 271 m².

Setting : Village, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Pool : Communal, Indoor, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Gym, Sauna, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Near Church, Basement.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Parking : Covered, Street, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Investment, Luxury, Resale.
