This penthouse has spectacular sea, golf and vineyard views.This 2 bedroom/ 2 bathroom penthouse is equipped to the highest standards including marble floors throughout, air conditioning hot and cold (fully installed), fully fitted kitchen with granite worktops and all appliances included. There is an underground parking space and a storage room as well as guest parking within the gated community. The urbanization is located just beside Manilva, bordering the Duquesa golf course and close to the Marina. It is a fully gated community with its 24 hour security office at the development´s entrance, ensuring the safety and tranquility of the residents. There are 5 different pool areas, surrounded by tropical gardens and a paddle tennis court.

Manilva is one of the Costa del Sol's best-kept secrets. Although within easy reach of the airports; Malaga (50 minutes) and Gibraltar (25 minutes), Manilva seems like a thousand miles away from the throng of the holiday resorts and offers an unparalleled quality of life in Southern Spain. Manilva enjoys an advantageous location to the west of Marbella. The area retains a vast amount of unspoiled natural scenery and authentic local character – while sharing the fantastic climate and all the excellent services and infrastructure of the rest of the Costa del Sol. Manilva is blessed with 8 km of coastline ranging from rocky coves to broad sweeping beaches, including the Blue Flag beach of Sabinillas-La Colonia. These beaches are maintained throughout the year, and during the summer months are patrolled by a team of lifeguards and medics.

A part of Manilva is the beautiful port of La Duquesa that offers full marina services for boating enthusiasts as well as a myriad of attractions for those with no aspirations to take to the water. The attractive promenades encircling the port offer a variety of restaurants, intimate bars, and cafes in which to while away the days. The vast choice of eating and drinking options include French, Italian, Chinese, Indian, Thai and, of course, Spanish with its fresh, local fish. Numerous services and grocers are also on hand. Two nights a week the port hosts a unique Crafts Market, popular with the local residents as well as visitors. Taxis are always at hand for the short ride home.

La Duquesa Golf and Country Club boasts an 18 hole course designed by Robert Trent Jones Sr., a technical masterpiece with wonderful sea and mountain views. In addition to golf, the club offers many facilities including tennis, squash, and a fully equipped gym with a qualified resident trainer. Membership is available, or just pay and play. Further golfing challenges are close at hand: Alcaidesa, a Links course overlooking the Rock of Gibraltar; Valderrama, host of the Ryder Cup and World Championship, only ten minutes from La Duquesa; Sotogrande, a parkland course; and La Cañada, a wonderful golf challenge where the fairways are as thick and lush as carpet. San Roque, a host to the qualifying schools, is also only a few minutes away. As if this is not enough, there are other 40-odd courses within an hour's drive.