Delightful Villa located on a large1750m2 plot in Alhaurin de la Torre PLUS a very popular rental Casita. The Villa has just undergone a complete refurbishment to give you a modern bright property. The property has electric gates with a drive to the main house and plenty of parking. Entering the property into the hallway you have access to the left, into the large lounge/diner, to the right you have the main lounge, and at the end of the hall a family bathroom. The lounge/diner has a new woodburning stove and double height ceiling with exposed beams and stairs leading to the upper floor. This room has double aspect patio doors,one to the front of the property and the second to the outside kitchen/dining area and swimming pool. There is a doorway from this lounge/diner into the brand new kitchen which is fully fitted with modern appliances and has a window with views to the rear garden.  The main large lounge has patio doors to a decked patio area and the rear garden. From this lounge you have access to two separate smaller rooms. One being used as a gym/fitness room and the other as a storage/utility room. The family bathroom is fully tiled and fitted out with all new fixtures. The stairs from the lounge/diner go upto the three bedrooms and separate fully fitted second family bathroom. All bedrooms have built in wardrobes.  In the grounds of the property you have a lovely Casita with lounge, double bedroom, bathroom and kitchen which has direct access to the large swimming pool and hot tub. The Casita is very popular and has a very profitable rental history. The area around the swimming pool is fully decked and has plenty of room for sunbeds there is also a large outside kitchen/dining area. Past this area is a second small building that could lend itself to converting into a small studio for rental.  In the garden you also have a large sandpit, firepit and entertainment area. The gardens also  have a large variety of fruit trees and shrubs, these include Orange, Advocado, Mango and Walnut to name a few.  Overall a lovely modernized house in a very beautiful and private setting, just a couple of minutes to the town centre with its many bars, restaurants and shops located in Alhaurin de la Torre.
Highly recommended 

..