VILLA ROMANO 2

SIMPLE THE BEST VALUE FOR MONEY ON THE COAST
CHOOSE BETWEEN BUYING OUR PLOT WITH PROYECT AND LICENSE OR A TURN-KEY READY PROPERTY

This wonderful villa is inspired by the magnificent natural environment that surrounds it such as the wide golf courses, the beauty of the mountains and the glow of the Mediterranean Sea. The design is responsible and sustainable, making possible for beauty to flow and merge with the environment. It will be built with the best conditions for thermal insulation, thus achieving a clean and efficient energy consumption. 

This modern and contemporary style villa, are conceived to enjoy an open, bright and fully integrated ambience together with nature. The distribution is on one topfloor-level plus an underground level. They consist of 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. You also have the option to extend them later on and built a 4th or even 5th bedroom, 4th bathroom, gym or cinema room. There are plenty of options. The main bedroom has access to the terrace, thus extending the surface of this room with the exterior. 

The villa is accessed through the upper floor, finding the social area that connects with the terrace until it reaches the swimming pool. The basement is delivered raw only with the drainage installations and pre-installation of electrical connections. You will enjoy great views from the bedrooms. The architectural design of the interior spaces is practical and functional, offering large open areas visually connected among them, as well as private and tranquil areas. 

It`s magnificent location and the luxury of a fresh and modern design are the main elements that define these properties. The villa does offer an intimate, quiet, private, and excellently located home, especially for you. Together with your family, you can enjoy an exclusive lifestyle, designed to satisfy to all family-members. 

We always striving to ensure our buildings reach the maximum ratings on Energy Certifications.

This magnificent villa is located in Valle Romano, the heart of the New Golden Mile. A few minutes from Estepona, these villas aresurrounded by all kinds of services and have comfortable access from any point of the Costa del Sol. Airport and high-speed trains are in aprox 50 minutes away from your new home.

*The photographs and plans shown in this project are for informational purposes and have no contractual value. The furniture and the kitchen shown in the interior of the Property are not included in the sale price.

CHOOSE YOUR DREAM HOME NOW!

PLOT Nº    -  2 
SURFACE M²  - 501,79 
SURFACE PROPERTY M²   - 117  
SURFACE BASEMENT M²  - 100      
PROJECT PRICE   - 450.000€ + Taxes   
TURNKEY READY PRICE 849.000€ + Taxes

