If you are dreaming about modern luxury by the sea, this exclusive townhouse for sale in Estepona is your chance! It is set in an innovative frontline beach complex with a contemporary architectural design located in one of the most sought after parts of the Costa del Sol and offering tranquil beachfront setting, privacy, verdant surroundings and state-of-the-art amenities. It is close to all amenities of the coastal resorts of Estepona and Marbella. A range of supermarkets and shops, international schools, restaurants and bars, beach clubs, golf courses and a variety of services of the vivid New Golden Mile and glamorous Puerto Banus are within minutes' drive away.
The fabulous 4-level south-facing property of 217 m² boasts a private plot of 22 m², a basement area, a solarium and 28 m² terraces with magnificent views. 
The exclusive design has optimized the use of natural light thanks to abundance of glass, transparent balustrade panels and large windows with minimal, just 2-cm aluminum frames. The large-format ceramic floor tiles and sophisticated ceiling with LED lighting complement the design. The double-height lounge area is connected to the upper floor by a modern staircase and glass gallery that enhances the sense of open plan living. The open kitchen with a dining area is sleek and stylish, and superbly equipped with top quality home appliances. The house features 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms; the Master bedroom has its own bathroom en-suite.
The townhouse has a private roof terrace with Jacuzzi, pergola, decking with barbecue area. The underground garage with automatic door entry has access to the house through an ample laundry and service area. There are communal parking spaces for guests as well.
Surrounded with similar properties of the prestigious area, this eco-friendly high-end townhouse comes for sale in excellent condition, with a modern fireplace, under-floor heating system (water-based in living areas, electric in bathrooms), hot and cold air conditioning, fitted wardrobes, double-glazing, home automation system, etc. Security doors, privacy and security blinds on some of the windows in
the house, controlled entrance to the gated community and 24-h security service will take care of your peace, privacy and safety. The communal area offer various swimming, sunbathing and chill-out areas, outdoor, children's and indoor heated pools, a kids' play area, Balinese-style beach beds, cascading waterfalls and other water features dotted throughout the pathways and landscaped gardens. There is also a SPA area with a fully-equipped gym, changing rooms, bathrooms, sauna and Turkish bath.
Discover a new property that extends the boundaries of high-end living! This is a very attractive option for home-buyers seeking a luxurious lifestyle on the Mediterranean or an excellent for-rent investment opportunity.