It may seem that finding the house of our dreams is impossible. We are happy to let you know that it is more possible than it seems.

This fantastic villa in Torrenueva is ready to move in and offer you the best moments you are looking for in La Cala de Mijas and the Costa del Sol.
A cosy family home, cared for down to the smallest detail, preserving an Andalusian style and at the same time, modern.

This villa in Torrenueva is basically perfect for a family or to enjoy with friends, as it consists of 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms in the main house and also a small flat that can be fitted out for guests.
The house is very sunny, south facing and with corners to enjoy the sun all around the property.

It also has a beautiful swimming pool surrounded by an artificial lawn, which makes maintenance easy and inexpensive. Its terraces and patios overlooking the sea give a sense of peace and tranquillity.
The plot of land on which the property is located is very large. It has a covered garage for 1 or 2 cars, machine and tool room, storage room, laundry room and a room which could be converted into a wine cellar.

The house has several alarms and perimeter surveillance systems, both inside and outside. Air conditioning, heating and a fireplace in the main living room.
We cannot guarantee how long it will take to sell this beautiful villa in Torrenueva. What we can be sure of is that the first client who visits it will buy it.



Detached Villa, La Cala de Mijas, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 356 m², Terrace 176 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Garden, Pool, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, WiFi, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Garage, Covered, Open, More Than One, Private.
Category : Contemporary.
