Looking for a real change in your life? We offer you this prestigious Villa with Andalusian character, located in one of the main golf destinations in Europe.

A dream villa with Andalusian character, designed by its current owner, who is an interior designer and decorator with a relevant background.

Away from the hustle and bustle of the city, it has the goodness of having everything just a few minutes away, as well as offering an environment of privacy, security & relaxation.

Undoubtedly your dream home, for the enjoyment of family and friends!

DISTRIBUTION:

We access the property from its spacious entrance hall; this level distributes us to all the rooms of the house.

Spacious lounge - formal dining room with fireplace and exterior windows that combine with the views towards the exterior of the villa, creating a very cosy atmosphere at all times of the day.

From the dining room there is a link to both terraces of the villa, which in turn lead to the gardens that border the house.

Independent kitchen - pantry with exterior windows that offer views towards the swimming pool area.

Two (2) bedrooms, one of them with en-suite bathroom and the other with an auxiliary bathroom (all exterior). Continuing on the same floor, we have a (1) third room as an ironing and laundry room, which can be used as a bedroom.

Upper floor; master suite with bathroom, dressing room and intimate terrace that invites you to spend romantic evenings contemplating the sunsets, the moon and the stars.

OUTSIDE:

In this area we have the greatest charm of the house, thanks to its dreamy gardens, which combine in contrast with the submerged swimming pool in the middle of a natural environment of very good taste. It has a great variety of ornamental plants.

In the basement, there is a huge open-plan garage area with all the potential to be used according to your needs.

The villa is built with the highest quality finishes, different types of porcelain tiles, first class wood carpentry and centralised air conditioning unit (hot/cold).

Thanks to its orientation it is very luminous during all hours of the day.

Quiet surroundings with restaurants of high gastronomy, supermarkets, international schools, shops, pharmacies and quick access to the motorway.

It is worth mentioning that Mijas Golf International offers two 18-hole golf courses: Los Lagos and Los Olivos, both designed by the renowned Robert Trent Jones, who built more than 400 courses worldwide. These courses are one of the most visited courses on the Costa del Sol in Spain.

In addition, Mijas has around a dozen other magnificent courses, including Santana Golf and Chaparral Golf Club.

The urbanisation has 24hr. security, all the services, pathways, golf course among others.

As if that wasn't enough, recently opened the hotel La Zambra of the international chain Hyatt, among other locations of prestige, which guarantees a high revaluation of the property.

Request your visit to see this wonderful property!

IBI: 1.298,81 € (annual payment) / Rubbish: 142,36 € / Community: 62,51 € (quarterly payment).