Beautiful Villa sourounded by Golf cources for Sale in Nueva Andalucia!

The house is built over 3 levels. With 5 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms and orientated to the south with about 552 m² built. The immaculately presented villa in excellent condition has been constructed and finished to a high standard to deliver maximum comfort. Every detail makes it truly cosy and comfortable – lots of light (even a large semi-basement area has plenty of natural light throughout), an inspiring natural colour palette, stylish decorative elements like captivating exterior columns, exposed bricks and elegant balustrades, a classic fireplace, accent walls, wood and artistic marble floors, terracotta flooring of the terraces and clay roof tiles – the epitome of good old Mediterranean chic.
At the same time, it has a refined modern look, with simple clean details, contemporary sophisticate lighting and ceiling design, state of art equipment, modern classic style interiors and accessories). The luxurious villa comes with air conditioning, alarm and security bars, double glazing, large fitted wardrobes and many other features making living modern, super comfortable and exclusive. 

Nearest facilities:
Golf course: 2 minutes
Restaurants: 3 minutes
Amenities: 4 minutes
Airport: 50 minutes
Marbella Puerto Banús: 7 minutes
Marbella town: 6 minutes

About the area:
Nueva Andalucía is a newly built area and the largest neighborhood in Marbella. It's an extensive residential zone with luxurious villas and apartments placed among charming gardens, commercial centers, and a vast range of restaurants. The perfect area for golfers as it is surrounded by 5 Golf large Courses. Due to the elevation, Nueva Andalucía is privileged with spectacular sea and mountain views. Only a 5' drive away from the nightlife center – Puerto Banus – yet far enough to enjoy the peaceful
Curious? Contact us for information and visits

Interested? Contact us for more information and visits!

Ask us about our services: airport transfers, hotel reservations, tax identification number applications, opening bank accounts, as well as recommendations for lawyers, tax advisors, residence management, and Golden Visa applications.