Highly Appointed Country Finca in Unique Setting with Stables, Fishing Lake and Three, Delightful Rental Cottages with Easy Road Access.

Water: The property has both municipal and well water, the municipal water supplies the house and enters via a 2000 litre deposit and pressure pump, thus insulating the property from any fluctuations in supply or water pressure.
There are five wells in total at the finca, two are currently operational with submersible pumps installed, providing ample water for irrigation and farm usage.
There is a mountain water feed to the highest point of the land, supplying water to both the large water deposit and the fishing lake.
Electricity: Mains from the supplier.
There is ample space both on the plot and the roof of the main house for solar panels, should the new owner wish to become more independent.
Drainage: Septic Tank

The property in its entirety benefits from a full (D)AFO certificate.
Rentals: The property has four Rural Tourism Licenses, for the three cottages and the main house as a whole.
Horses: The property has independent stable block for four horses and a tack room, with a OCA.
There is a 20 x 36m sand and carpet arena.
Workshops: There is a large workshop building to accommodate machinery and feed, with a mezzanine floor.
There is provision for an additional apartment within this space, which would be possible under the new law of 2021 and the existing AFO certificate.
Chicken Shed/ Dog Kennel, individually fenced. Currently used as a toolshed/ workshop.
Fishing Lake: The fishing lake has a central island with a wooden bridge and is stocked with fish. This area has been recently re-landscaped and the lake professionally relined.
There are currently fifteen avocado trees and various fruit trees on the land. The land could be re-planted with avocados if required, as the soil is suitable and there is ample water for irrigation.
The access to the property is about to be asphalted by the Town Hall under the current improvement scheme.

The apartments and main dwelling have been fully repainted internally in the last weeks.
Ground Floor: Fitted Kitchen, Lounge, Dining Room, Study, WC and Master Suite with Dressing Room and Ensuite Bathroom.
Upstairs: Three separate Cottages; The Mulberry; Living Room, Kitchen, Bathroom, Two Double Bedrooms, Private Terrace with views. La Gatita with Living Room, Kitchen, Bathroom, Double Bedroom, Private Terrace with views. La Perrita; Living Room, Kitchen, Bathroom, Double and Twin Bedrooms, Private Terrace with views. All three cottages feature a very high standard of decor and finish and boast Internet access and air conditioning. The Mulberry can also be incorporated in the main living accommodation to create additional living space and therefore three bedrooms to the main house. Outside: Impressive grounds featuring stables, paddock, arena, a fishing lake, stream, five water wells, salt water pool, terraces, covered terrace areas, bar, outside fireplace, outside bathroom, summer kitchen, external laundry room, wood store, huge workshop/ garage, unlimited parking and a grand entrance. 

Land 36.222m2 Fenced & Irrigated. The total build area is 673,68m2 and the living area is 486,04m2. Pool 48,38m2. 
The build area includes -
House / apartments 
Garage
Stables
Chicken shed

Distances:
Casarabonela: 4 km.
Pizarra 9km
Alozaina 10km.
Alora 14km
Guadalhorce Valley Hospital 17km.
Coin 21km.
Malaga city 37km.
Malaga airport 38km.
La Cañada shopping center in Marbella 50km.
Fuengirola 57km