This well positioned apartment bright and spacious ground floor is situated in the popular La Duquesa, Manilva Costa Del Sol. Front line golf property between La Duquesa and the charming village of San Luis de Sabinillas. This is two bedrooms with fitted wardrobes in the rooms, 2 bathrooms, a fully fitted kitchen, and a 30 m2 bright spacious lounge diner that opens out to a good sizes terrace of 60 m2 + 60 m2 garden which benefits from lovely panoramic views to the Duquesa golf course and communal mountains.
It offers two large basements of 35 m2 each on the same level of the property, one has the possibility of adding it to the living room to use it as a home cinema, gym, office, game room for children, or an extra bedroom.
The apartment is in good all-around order and viewing is highly recommended including underground parking and Storage.
The location, Puerto de la Duquesa really is one of the Costa del Sol's best marinas only 15 min walk. Although within easy reach of the airports of Malaga (60 min) and Gibraltar (45 min), Estepona (10 min) La Duquesa is close to everything you need. The beautiful port of La Duquesa offers full Marina services for boating enthusiasts as well. The attractive promenades surrounding the port offer a variety of restaurants, shops, bars, and cafes in which to spend lovely moments.

Ground Floor Apartment, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 223 m², Terrace 60 m², Garden/Plot 60 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina.
Orientation : North West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C.
Views : Mountain, Golf, Country, Panoramic, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Basement, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Cheap, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
