FINAL REDUCTION! Very rare to find! The only penthouse in this tranquil complex in the sought area of Rio Real with 3 bedrooms and fantastic,  panoramic sea & mountain views from 2 terraces enjoying the sun from morning to sunset. Lush gardens with one of the biggest communal pools (24m) in Marbella East with  children's plunge. Due to the solitary location on one level without direct neighbors and very private terraces, this property is the best offer in the area.
Spacious property with separate  living area, dining table for 8 people, equipped kitchen with breakfast bar and  utility room, master bedroom with en-suite bath, dressing area and wonderful views overlooking the southeast terrace and the sea. Direct access possible.The two guest bedrooms share a bathroom with a bathtub and boast views of the mountains, sea and golf. The living area has a fireplace, which will give you that feeling of a cozy home and there is home sound system in all rooms as like air con hot/cold. The bathrooms comprises of underfloor heating which is enough to heat the entire  place.Bright because of 2 large windows with access to the SE/SW facing terraces. It also includes a 2 parking spaces and 1 storage room. - value 28.000€
The apartment has easy access from the street and from the underground garage and the complex is very well maintained and offers security and privacy and pool access 365 days a year. Surrounded by manicured gardens and bordering a green zone on one side and the 18-hole Rio Real golf course with a clubhouse and restaurant on the other. Just two minutes from the best beaches in Marbella and with all the services in the immediate vicinity of the property, such as supermarkets, schools, institute (under construction ) several golf courses and the best beach restaurants in Marbella, such as Trocadero Arena. Puerto Banús 10 minutes, La Cañada Shopping Center 3 minutes and Malaga airport 35 minutes.
The furnished apartment comprises of  terraces on 2 sides of the building with awnings, marble floors, hot / cold air conditioning and bathrooms with underfloor heating. BEST LOCATION, VERY PRIVATE, NO DIRECT NEIGHBOUR! Río Real Golf Club is just a 5-minute walk away. REDUCED FROM ORIGINALLY 565.000 FOR A QUICK SALE. Excellent Investment with high rental yield. LPO IN PLACE . Call to book your visit!