Stunning double penthouse apartment situated front line beach. Unique opportunity.  

This luxurious Southwest facing 4-bedroom double duplex Penthouse apartment is situated in the front-line beach complex La Perla De La Bahia and is one of the best positioned apartments in the complex. The Penthouse is built on two levels with the Master bedroom being upstairs. It comprises of 2 apartments each with its own kitchen, living room, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The apartment opens up to 4 bedrooms by the use of a lockable connecting door. 

The main apartment comprises of a sunny and spacious living room with fireplace and giving access to a large terrace with superb sea and coastal views. A large fully fitted kitchen and a separate dining area. On the lower level there is a bedrooms en-suite with sauna and walk in shower. On the upper level we find the master bedroom suite with bathroom and a spacious private and open roof terrace with views of the Mediterranean, Gibraltar and the African Coastline. All bathrooms enjoy underfloor heating.

Adjacent we find the separate but connected fully fitted 2 bedroom apartment comprising of a living and dining room with fireplace, kitchen and 2 bed rooms and 2 bathrooms with underfloor heating and terrace with a fantastic sea and coastal view. Ideal for rentals or guests.

This is the perfect opportunity to own a double apartment. Ideal for couples with children and grandchildren and/or if you want to rent out the guest apartment and not your own.

All finished to the highest quality and well known La Perla style, rustic but elegant. Beautiful well-kept gardens with direct access to the beach, 4 superb swimming pools with one heated in winter. This duplex apartment is accessed by both stairs and lift directly from underground Garage and includes 2 car park spaces and 2 storerooms.

La Perla de la Bahia is a luxurious beach front development inspired in the Moorish architecture, built to very high standard, extremely comfortable apartments with all the latest equipment to cover all today's needs yet surrounded by nature, peace and quiet. The complex has 24-hour security, endless manicured gardens, and direct access to the beach.

Sitting on the Casares Coast in the heart of Andalucia you can relax and enjoy a luxury apartment in the peace and quiet of the beach and gardens and only half an hour away from the hustle and bustle of the nearby towns such as Estepona, Puerto Banus, Marbella and many more. Only half an hour away from the airport of Gibraltar and 50 minutes to Malaga Airport. 

Just a short walk away are 3 great restaurants including the Finca Cortesin Beach club. For golfers there is the La Finca Golf resort within a 5-minute drive and a wide range of golf courses located close by. 

A fabulous property in one of the Coast's best locations.

