Contemporary apartment in Higuerón West with incredible sea views.

This new, modern apartment is located in the gated community of Higuerón West - a luxurious residential community, with its own spa and sports facilities including tennis- and padel courts, a 5-star hotel, 9 restaurants, swimming pools, a co-working space, concierge services, and much much more. There is also a private beach club with 2 restaurants and a pool belonging to the community. It's easy to get to with the shuttle service offered. 
Overlooking the Mediterranean Sea, this home undoubtedly has one of the best panoramic views of the Costa del Sol.
The apartment is located within a short distance of the beach and the many beach clubs and chiringuitos (beach restaurants), public transport, and all other amenities one could possibly need.

This luxurious home features three double bedrooms; the master bedroom has a large en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower complete with double rainfall shower heads and a walk-in closet. From the master bedroom, there are large double-glazed patio doors leading out onto a private balcony which also overlooks the sea and Fuengirola port. The other two bedrooms have fitted wardrobes and overlook the Mijas mountains. The apartment is just a stone's throw from the swimming pool. The two other bedrooms share a good-sized bathroom with a walk-in shower situated just opposite the hallway. Additionally, there is a guest toilet. 

The apartment's layout is open-concept, so there is a great flow of energy throughout. Along one side of the wall are three sets of large double-glazed patio doors bringing in a lot of natural sunlight all throughout the day. The patio doors lead out onto the main terrace overlooking the pool area, a fabulous entertaining space with enough room for a chill-out area, a dining and a barbecue area. The view from the terrace is breathtaking - imagine enjoying the gorgeous sunsets from here, all year round. 
The kitchen is fully fitted with modern, high-quality appliances, and other modern features as well as a stunning island - creating a fantastic entertaining space. The dining/living room speaks for itself, it is just the perfect space for entertaining guests, lounging, or simply enjoying your morning coffee as you look out at the Mediterranean Sea. 

There is underfloor heating throughout the entire apartment. 
The apartment has 2 parking spaces with a direct lift as well as a useful, large storage room in the basement next to the lift.

A Mercedes Benz Class A is included in the price: quite new condition. 

The community has 24-hour security so you can feel safe.
A home to be experienced.