Located in Lomas de Marbella Club, a prestigious urbanization on the Golden Mile. It is a very quiet enclave with immediate
access from the AP-7 motorway to all points of interest in the city and on the Costa del Sol.
Privileged location that places them 10 minutes from the center of Marbella, 40 km from Malaga International Airport, 50 km
from the AVE station and 85 km from Gibraltar Airport.
The fenced urbanization Las Lomas del Marbella Club is considered elite and is one of the best addresses in southern Spain.
It is one of the most popular luxury residential areas in Marbella, maintaining its elegant and original appearance, with spacious
and perfect green areas, 24 hour security, quality of life and architecture.
Its location north of the Golden Mile, in front of the Puente Romano and close to the Royal Mosque with its impressive
Andalusian Arabic architecture, makes it a privileged area.
This urbanization welcomes all kinds of local and international celebrities, Spanish nobles and European elites, being a very
exclusive urbanization with the most expensive villas and mansions in the area.
On the other hand, the urbanization is close to a mythical 5* hotel, Michelin star restaurants, numerous golf courses and
international schools, Marbella and Puerto Banús. Wide variety of fashion boutiques, restaurants and nightlife.



Sale price does not include costs or taxes. Additional costs for the buyer: inscription and notary fees, ITP 7% or, alternatively 10% VAT and AJD (1.2% on the purchase price) on
new properties and subject to some requisites to be met. This info is subject to errors, omissions, modifications, prior sale or withdrawal from the market. 
Four villas designed with the highest standards of quality and luxury, incorporating energy systems and characteristics of the
most avant-garde architecture.
Beauty, elegance and comfort characterize these south-facing villas, both classic and modern in appearance, with superior
qualities and exceptional materials.
The villas have an elevated position that, together with its orientation, offers a beautiful view of both the sea and La Concha
mountain. Entering the villas, there is a very spacious outdoor parking lot decorated with a water fountain that gives an elegant
touch and character to the entrance.
The villas have a garden that surrounds them, with green areas and decorated with a variety of floral plants and palm trees
that give color and movement.
The heated saltwater pool has both a covered and uncovered terrace and a stylish hammock area that invites you to enjoy the
good weather of Marbella with family and friends and also the privacy of the plot.
The villas are well proportioned in terms of layout, spread over 3 levels and a solarium to create an exquisitely tasteful
6-bedroom residence with multiple entertaining areas.
Access to the villa is impressive thanks to its double height ceiling and large contemporary pillars. Entering the villa, the main
floor has a large space divided into several areas, one of them with a large fireplace, dining area and living area. The fully
equipped kitchen with state-of-the-art appliances has a custom-made island. The entire plant has access to the terraces,
garden and pool, with areas to relax and have fun.
The upper floor consists of 3 bedrooms with bathrooms and dressing rooms en suite. The master bedroom with access to the
large terrace has a spectacular view of the pool and the sea.
The attractive basement has parking space for 3 cars, a laundry area and a staff apartment with a dirty kitchen and direct
elevator access to the kitchen on the main floor. In addition, on this floor there are 3 more bedrooms with natural light, perfect
for guests.
In addition to the entertaining areas in the garden, on the top floor of the house there is a solarium with a space for an outdoor
gym with glass curtains and fabulous covered and uncovered lounge areas. This floor has privileged views of the sea thanks to
its height.