Spectacular, modern 5-bedroom villa in the heart of Nueva Andalucía, within walking distance to Centro Plaza and Puerto Banus.

The fantastic villa offers many extras including a heated saltwater pool, outdoor hot tub and Domotics Intelligence system.  
The property offers two levels and has a lounge divided into two separate seating areas. Both are equipped with a working fireplace and plasma TV screen. The attached children's playroom and dining area overlook the stunning gardens. 
Also, on the ground floor there is a guest toilet, a extra bedroom with walk-in shower and a large, state-of-the-art Gaggenau kitchen. 
Upstairs there are two more en-suite bedrooms, one with ambient lighting. It leads to a separate maid area with shower/bathroom and a bedroom. The master bedroom is accessible via a very desirable walk-in closet and has access to a large private terrace with views over La Concha Mountain. 
The master bath has a spa bath and a walk-in shower. Outside there is a large terrace ideal for dining, a private garage, and a fully equipped gym. 
Next to the pool is a large, detached cottage with plasma TV and bar area. Other features are air conditioning, floor heating throughout, double glazed aluminum windows and a fully installed alarm system.

Nearest facilities:
Golf course: 1-5 minutes
Beach: 7 minutes
Restaurants: 3 minutes
Shops: 3 minutes
Airport: 50 minutes
Marbella Puerto Banús: 4 minutes
Marbella town: 13 minutes

About the location:
Nueva Andalucía is a newly built area and the largest neighborhood in Marbella. It's an extensive residential zone with luxurious villas and apartments placed among charming gardens, commercial centers, and a vast range of restaurants. The perfect area for golfers as it is surrounded by 5 Golf large Courses. Due to the elevation, Nueva Andalucía is privileged with spectacular sea and mountain views. Only a 5' drive away from the nightlife center – Puerto Banus – yet far enough to enjoy the peaceful

Interested? Contact us for more information and visits!

Ask us about our services: airport transfers, hotel reservations, tax identification number applications, opening bank accounts, as well as recommendations for lawyers, tax advisors, residence management, and Golden Visa applications.