A lovely, spacious 3 bed, 3 bath detached villa, located in the very popular beach side community of Dos Hermanas. Dos Hermanas is very conveniently located on the beach side of the A7, on the New Golden Mile between Estepona and San Pedro and has perhaps the largest community gardens and pool in the area.    
The property itself is located in a quiet cul-de-sac and has a private garden and open views from the upstairs terrace, across the community gardens.  The interior of the property is inverted, such that the bedrooms and bathrooms are on the ground floor, with the living room, dining room and kitchen located upstairs, to take advantage of the lovely views of the community garden from the upstairs of the property.  The villa has been reformed to a high standard, with a semi open plan kitchen, which has a breakfast bar and serving area directly adjacent to the living room and a separate dining room, which could easily be converted in to a 4th bedroom, if required.  The 3 current bedrooms are all spacious doubles and all en-suite, with the master bedroom being particularly spacious and with direct access to the garden.  There is a private gated parking space outside, and as the property is in a quite cul-de-sac, there is always ample parking available in the street. 

Dos Hermanas is very conveniently located, with a lot of local amenities i.e. shops, bars, restaurants and the beach all within easy walking distance. The "garden of Andalucia" Estepona and the world famous Puerto Banus are each approx. 15 mins drive in either direction and Malaga and Gibraltar airports are approx. 45 mins drive in either direction.

Community fees are paid annually and include the gardeners fees.  There is a 10% discount available on community fees if paid before 31st Jan each year.

The property must be seen to be fully appreciated.


Detached Villa, Benamara, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 193 m², Terrace 38 m², Garden/Plot 404 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating, Fireplace.
Views : Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Electric Blinds.
Parking : Open, Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment, Luxury, Resale.
