Welcome to this magnificent villa located in a quiet area of Mijas. 

From the outside, this villa is very well presented with freshly painted facades and lots of flowers and plants coming down from the upstairs terrace.

The villa is entered from the ground floor where the garage is also located. The garage has space for 2 cars.  
From the entrance hall, it is possible to walk up the stairs or take the lift to the first floor.  

When entering the main part of the villa, you walk through an atelier that is bright and airy due to the large windows along one side. 
From here, coming into the living room there are stairs leading up to the second floor. Beneath the stairs, a small part of the living room is used as a "lounge area", perfect for relaxing with a good book. In the same area, there is a small guest toilet.
The large windows bring a lot of natural light into the living room, allowing for a nice view of the outdoor terrace and private swimming pool. There are also several patio doors with exits to the terrace. From here there are the most incredible views of the sea and the mountains in the west. Because of the undisturbed location, you get to experience a real feeling of "tranquil" whilst enjoying the views. 
Inside the living room, in one end, there is a fireplace giving the opportunity for nice, cosy evenings in the winter. The large TV is included in the sale.

There is easy access to the fully fitted kitchen/dining room, from the living room. 
In the spacious kitchen, there are plenty of opportunities for the whole family to enjoy some cooking and baking together. The dining room is in continuation of the kitchen. In the back of the kitchen, there is also a spacious utility room. From here it's possible to access the backside of the outdoor terrace which leads around to the front terrace. 

The master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom is located on the same floor, at the other end of the living room. Upon entering the bedroom there is a small corridor ideal for storage. The master bedroom is large with its own access to the terrace. There are fitted wardrobes in form of a walk-in closet at the entrance to the stunning en-suite bathroom. This bathroom includes both a jetted bathtub as well as a shower, and the toilet has its own door for privacy. 

The three other bedrooms are located on the second floor. All have fitted wardrobes and en-suite bathrooms with showers. Two of them have access to the same large terrace, and the third bedroom has its own terrace. Again there are outstanding views of both sea and mountains from both terraces.
There is air-conditioning in the whole house and underfloor heating in all the bathrooms. 

The outdoor area of this property is simply amazing. The large terrace goes nearly all around the house. In front of the house is the swimming pool along with a nice covered lounge area and an outdoor dining area. The property also has a nice little kitchen garden where herbs are growing. Next to the kitchen garden, it's possible to go down a set of stairs to the gym and sauna with its own bathroom. In front of this is the garden where lemon, mandarin, orange, plum, lime, avocado, kumquat and mango trees grow freely along with laurel bushes. There are newly installed solar panels on the roof reducing energy bills, as well as solar panels in the garden for the hot water.

The property is sold with all TV units. There are blinds on all windows and the awnings outside are all electric. There is also an outdoor music system. 

The takeover is in April at the earliest.