Dreams come true! If you dream of leaving home directly on the beach, if you dream of seeing the sea from the window of your house, with a wonderful terrace and living in a place with 300 sunny days a year, I have a surprise for you. 

Come and see this wonderful Penthouse with an exceptional location, easily accessible and a few minutes from Estepona, golf courses and with direct access to the beach. The white and modern Mediterranean-style urbanization has large green areas and a swimming pool over the sea. Our Penthouse is on the second floor, but don't worry because it has several elevators from the garage. We enter the hall and to the right is the independent kitchen, connected to the dining area for greater comfort; Straight ahead you find the light-flooded living-dining room with access to the wonderful terrace with barbecue. The large terrace is distributed around the entire apartment so that you can access it from both the living room and the bedroom and you can easily create several well-differentiated areas... barbecue area and outdoor dining area, sunbathing area and one more area where you already have a wonderful jacuzzi installed. You also have the staircase to go up to the large solarium with pergola, with incredible views and so much space that you can let your imagination run wild and create a unique space for your enjoyment.

We go back inside, to the hall that has built-in wardrobes, which connects us with the spacious bathroom with a double sink and a large window, and with the bedroom that has two exits to the terrace.

It is furnished so that you can live from the first day, although we also offer you a decoration service so that you can adapt it to your tastes and desires.

There are not many penthouses of this category, location, that already have a Tourist Apartment license, garage, storage room and have this price.

Have a penthouse on the Costa del Sol, on the beachfront, with direct access to the sea... that is luxury, luxury is living by the sea.

Call us to come see it or to arrange a video visit. FTN