FULLY RENOVATED DETACHED VILLA
Exceptional 8 bedroom luxury villa located within walking distance to Puerto Banus, the beach and all amenities. Set on a large flat plot, this beautiful home has been renovated to the highest building standards and tastefully furnished with the latest design.

MODERN AND SLEEK INTERIORS
This fabulous home is distributed across three floors, the main level consists of a bright and airy lounge / dining room and a fully fitted kitchen with high quality appliances and  breakfast island. From the living area, you have access to the covered terrace perfect to chill out and to the large plot offers an outside kitchen, a gazebo with dining area and a spectacular swimming pool with a seating area  ideal for entertainment. Upstairs, the expansive master suite has a dressing room and access to the terrace where you can admire the  stunning views to the Golf Valley and Mediterranean Sea. Furthermore there are six double guest bedrooms with en-suites furnished with an exceptional style. The lower level features a spa, a bar that overlooks the transparent garage, a heated indoor pool, sauna, jacuzzi, movie theater and a guest bathroom. Finally there is a 1 bedroom guest house.

THE AREA
Nueva Andalucía offers all the amenities you could need, whether you are a resident or a tourist. Centro Plaza is a compact shopping center that includes quality stores, restaurants, bars and offices, as well as a supermarket, gym and beauty salon. There is also an excellent street market next to the bullring every Saturday morning. Sports enthusiasts can find many offerings in Nueva Andalucía with tennis, paddle tennis and gyms. For golfers in particular, the area of Nueva Andalucía could not be more ideal, after all it is known as the 'Golf Valley', home to some of the most prestigious golf clubs. These include La Quinta, Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha Golf and La Dama de Noche, which is lit up for night play. All of Nueva Andalucía's golf courses are surrounded by stunning scenery with the backdrop of the 'La Concha' mountain that rises up behind Marbella.