Are you looking for a truly exclusive plot in one of the best and prestigious locations of the Southern Mediterranean? Don't miss this excellent investment opportunity and a remarkable place to build your permanent or holiday home! 

Surrounded by stunning Mediterranean scenery with a backdrop of mountains, a fantastic plot of 1.808 m² is located in one of the most calm and tranquil areas of the world-famous Golden Mile. Among the advantages of the land is the unforgettable breath-taking panoramic view to the Mediterranean Sea all the way to legendary Hercules Pillars guarding the Strait of Gibraltar, and the idyllic, picture-perfect Andalusian surrounding with whitewashed houses with terracotta roof tiles, large swimming pools and well-groomed subtropical gardens. Just imagine, from your new house you will be able to see the coastlines of two continents – Europe and Africa, with the Rif mountains in Morocco, as well as the magnificent symbol of Marbella La Concha Mountain, which is responsible for the microclimate of the area.

The urbanization named Rocio de Nagüeles is beautiful, well-established and classy. It is inextricably connected with Marbella's glamorous past. Two iconic hotels that put Marbella on the map as a glamorous resort, Marbella Club and Puente Romano, both will be very close to your new house and offer you all their exclusive services and luxury amenities. At a very short distance, you will also find trendy bars, lovely cafés, tapas-bars, finest restaurants, including Michelin-starred. International schools, business centres, health clinics, sandy beaches including the Blue Flag awarded, high quality sports, beach and night clubs, fashionable designer boutiques, manicured golf-courses, everything is literally minutes away. It has an easy access to the main highway and proximity to everything best Southern Spain can offer, chic and luxury of Puerto Banús, charm of Marbella Old Centre, natural beauty of Sierra Blanca and La Concha Mountain. 

Ideal for deserving people with settled taste preferences, who seek utmost comfort and exceptional quality of stress-free life.