Impressive and stunning 181 m2 apartment, located in Soho, in the centre of Malaga. A brand-new property completely renovated with a modern and exclusive design, with top quality materials. It consists of a spacious living-dining room, a modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. All the rooms have micro-cement floors with ivory colour, double glazed windows equipped with solar filter, air conditioning and heating system. There is a large living-dining room of 47 m2, with indirect illumination around the perimeter. It also has a micro-cement cladding and black lacquered glass. We can observe a great kitchen of 25 m2, that is designed in wood and white colour, fully furnished with brand new electronical devices, as well as it has a double built-in fridge. It has a spacious bright master bedroom of 24 m2, which disposes built-in wardrobes and unique design carpentry, micro-cement, and indirect lighting. In addition, it has a stunning en-suite bathroom of 16 m2 covered by micro-cement and black lacquered glass. Also, there is a large 240 cm furniture that includes two washbasins with Dekton countertop and a shower plate. There are 2 bedrooms (16 m2 and 13 m2) with built-in wardrobes. Furthermore, there is a second bath with micro-cement cladding and an extensive shower. Property qualities: - Entrance door with interior lining and electric sight glass. - Large built-in wardrobes with mirror doors at entrance hall. - Hallway with hidden doors leading to bedrooms with exclusive wooden design and modern illumination. - PROSEGUR alarm set up in the flat. - Brand new washing machine and dryer. - Luxurious electronic devices with Niessen Skymoon brand, white lacquered and chromed glass. Features of the building: - Doorman during the week and camera security system in common areas. - Two different elevators. - Two propeties per floor. - Chance to rent a parking space inside this building. We are pleased to be able to present this dream property to you soon, either personally or via virtual viewing. Because this world, it is unique - just like our Axarquía. In Andalusia. On the Costa del Sol. Here, on the sunny side of life...