Private Purchase Contract Signed
Impressive South facing Andalucian Design Detached Finca Style House in Immaculate condition offering wide Sea views located just 600 metres from the Beach situated on a vast elevated plot at Barriada De Velerin, designed within extensive private gardens filled with lush fruit, vine, palms and olive trees amidst outstanding mountainous beauty and only 6 minutes walk onto the fabulous beaches of Bahia De Velerin and Emare two of the coasts most exclusive enviable beach enclaves on the New Golden Mile of Estepona.

A secure automatic private gated entrance with intercom opens to a long driveway adjacent to a multitude of heavenly fruit and vine gardens leading to the house with an enclosed garage offering ample storage. Further exterior parking for 8 or more cars is available inside the vast property grounds encapsulating the house.

The entire property is designed with meticulous attention to detail, finished with polished terracotta flooring, new lighting, a redesigned luxury Bosch and Smeg appliance kitchen and light grey custom made Andalucían style shutters decorating the windows. The unique interior room layout of the house creates a wonderful continuous flow of ambient space with emphasis on the exquisite character, design, positioning and privacy of every room.  A spacious entertainment lounge and TV room offers an integrated natural fireplace within exuberant new luxurious furnishings. Two guest bedrooms and a guest bathroom are accessed from a corridor adjacent to the lounge. 

Situated on a Mezzanine level, the impressive master bedroom en-suite designed with a high angular ceiling boasts an adjacent purpose built his and hers dressing room with a picture window view to the gardens and leads to the private master suite renovated bathroom with a bathtub and double vanity unit.

Long oak wood ceiling beams enhance the spacious Mayfair style wood panelled Kitchen with ample marble preparation surfaces integrated to a fabulous SMEG cooking Range, Bosch American Fridge Freezer, Bosch appliances, integrated oven and microwave and a convenient dining area within. The Kitchen is situated alongside an exceptionally beautiful family dining room with mahogany oval dining table and classically decorated with French antique furniture, cabinets and a writer's desk facing a white cortijo courtyard accessible from exquisite long elegant French style picture doors.
A tranquil relaxation terrace accessible from the lounge entrance faces the long property gardens and offers good sea views. Several garden areas for relaxation encapsulate the property and a further terrace is situated at the entrance of the dining room and kitchen..

From within the house the Andalusia cortijo courtyard staircase leads onto a spectacular rooftop sunbathing solarium and BBQ area offering panoramic views of the Sea, Gibraltar and the surrounding hills and mountains of La Concha and Monte Mayor. The rooftop solarium can accommodate future build of an extension for addition of a second level to the property encompassing a second lounge/chill out room or a further master bedroom facing the incredible sea views. Exterior dining with views of the sea from an elevated garden terrace at the front of the property.

The property is a notable highly energy efficient design equipped with double water heating solar panels, it has its own natural drinking water well supply servicing the entire property and the automatic irrigation system of the property gardens. A gardener's room for storage of equipment is situated inside its own gated area of the garden. A purpose built storage room is also built at the rooftop level.   

Barriada El Velerin Estepona, is an excellent location within walking distance of the fabulous Torre Velerin beach and restaurant, Laguna Beach and the new "Laguna" elite commercial centre currently under construction and to several scenic beaches and restaurants located only 6 minutes walk from the house along the Senda Littoral. The house is a short drive to the El Paraiso golf course and to Estepona historic town, a haven of culture, shopping and exquisite cobblestone streets offering an endless choice of excellent dining, fablous Hotels and entertainment options.

Just 15 minutes drive to Puerto Banus and The Golden Mile of Marbella via the new Tunnel.
The property can be redesigned or converted to a stunning contemporary modern luxury Finca or a 2 level Modern Contemporary House.

Offers very attractive high ROI Investment potential
High rental yield return potential
Alberca style swimming pool can be added
Viewing is essential and highly recommended
Reasonable Offers Considered