*** JUST REDUCED ***
3 Bedrooms all en suite + guest powder room & Private Pool. The Cape is a luxury gated community of 25 spacious townhouses that really offer the wow factor. Each house has its own private pool and enjoys incredible views overlooking the spectacular Cabopino golf course, right down to the sea. Life at The Cape is truly special and there's nothing quite like it on the Coast. This exquisite, contemporary home has never been lived in and was built and designed with every convenience in mind. From the moment you step through the front door, your eyes are drawn up to the living room's 5-metre high ceiling and the wall of glass opening out to your covered terrace and stunning views of the golf course and Mediterranean Sea. It just doesn't get better than this. 

On the entry level, you will find an immaculate, fully equipped kitchen with brand new Bosch appliances and a bright open plan dining room that looks down to the living room just below. The staircase's stunning glass balustrade opens up the entire house and lets the light flow throughout. A few steps down from the living room and you will arrive to a mid-landing where you have your utility room and domotics station and a guest powder room. On the ground floor of the house, you will find two en suite bedrooms with large walk-showers and sliding doors leading out to the huge covered terrace, garden and your private pool. The maintenance of your garden and pool is all included in your community fees. 

The top floor is where you'll find the primary en suite complete with free standing bathtub looking out to the oversized roof terrace where you can enjoy breathtaking, panoramic views. 

Your 24 neighbours are friendly and welcoming with a WhatsApp group to communicate with each other. Several houses live year-round, while others visit frequently. For investors, the community currently allows tourist licenses. We manage several of the houses for the homeowners and have successfully achieved 700€/night in July & August 2022. 

An extraordinary home and lifestyle awaits you and you'll be challenged to find another home that offers so much space, privacy, luxury and amenities at this price and with these incredible views and proximity to everything. Come and fall in love with The Cape. The only place to live in Marbella.
