This newly constructed gated boutique apartment among only 24 units is available. Location in Benahavís just beside Los Arqueros Golf Club and only 10 min from Puerto Banus. The project is fully completed and located at a very high privilege area with two gates just by the Los Arqueros Golf Club. With great sea-views and large private terraces in both south and north provides a completely new apartment, fully furnished and ready to move in. The community consists of only 24 units on ground floor, middle floor and penthouses in four blocks. The great features of outdoor heated pool, indoor pool, sauna, gym, community areas, 24 hours security with two gates. 

The apartment is in very high standard with underfloor heating in all rooms, two great size bedrooms, the master with a ensuite bath and shower with toilet and another bathroom with shower and toilet located next two the other bedroom. A large open kitchen with large space, kitchen island and all high-standard amendments you need. Large open living-room with stunning high efficiency windows with great sea-views and mountain-views, the two great terraces on each side of the room makes the light inside feel like outside. The large private terrace located south-facing with room for four sun-beds, large dining-area and six seats in a lounge group. The large private on the north location with inbuilt outside wardrobes with washing-machine and dryer very nicely covered designed in-built. This terrace has north facing mountain-views and a great place for cooling in the heat. Views of the sea and the pool-area privately covered by modern dark-wood and stone designed walls of the terrace. The terrace is reachable from the living-room and the master bedroom. 

The private boutique of Unico Benahavís is a well-thought-out development with only 24 luxury dwellings which are welcoming, discreet and secure, of either 2 or 3 bedrooms, from 143 to 299 m2, which aims to become a benchmark for the famous Mediterranean lifestyle. In short, a "boutique project" which captures the essence of "a new way of living", in one of the most prestigious destinations in Europe, whose exquisite location enjoys spectacular panoramic views of the sea and the mountains in an extremely well-cared-for setting.


