If you dream of a quieter life, if you dream of having a special place for your vacations and weekends, with a place to gather the family and create wonderful memories for your loved ones or where to organize meetings with your best friends on the farm " El Mirador del Indio" you can make these dreams come true.

 When you arrive at the farm, the "Cortijillo Andaluz" style house welcomes you in perfect condition so that you can live and enjoy it from the first day since it is very well cared. As soon as you enter you find a nice hall; to the right, the spacious and evocative kitchen with a fully equipped dining room for preparing magnificent menus and for a wonderful after-dinner meal; and to the left we find the bright living room with large windows, beautiful views and a magnificent fireplace for winter evenings. From the living room we go out to the covered terrace where thanks to its studied orientation you can enjoy the sun and the magnificent views of the Peña de los Enamorados.

We arrive at the time of the well-deserved rest, and we access the upper floor by a robust and comfortable staircase. On this floor we find 4 large bedrooms, with their built-in wardrobes, the main one with an en-suite bathroom and another bathroom for the rest of the rooms. From all the bedrooms you can go out to two large open terraces that crown the house and where you can put an area to read, paint, sunbathe and endless ideas that will occur to you when you see them

"El Mirador del Indio" has 209 meters solidly built in 2007 and more than 13,000 meters of land where its owners managed to put some fruits and videos, and where you can continue planting or dedicate them to something else that brings you closer to your favorite hobby. , you will have room for what you want.

Energy and sustainability: Near the house there is a porticoed area to put the car in the shade that has been used to place solar panels and a room with the batteries so that energy consumption is guaranteed.

It has its own well water.

In addition, it is very close to Antequera and the main crossroads between Malaga, Granada, Seville and Córdoba, a site that due to its strategic location has been called "the heart of Andalusia".


Come see it and make your dream come true! FTN

