IMAGINE A PRIVATE TURQUOISE LAGOON OF CRYSTAL WATERS at your apartment's door step… This can be your apartment at Alcazaba Lagoon, the residential development of your dreams. Superb 2-bedroom brand new contemporary apartment with sunny terrace with open views to lush gardens and to the sea to the horizon. This superb property offers a true quality residential experience: airy living space, spacious living-dining room open to the large terrace, open plan kitchen, large bedrooms. Contemporary character and quality specification including modern bathrooms, hot&cold air conditioning system throughout, separate individual storage room and underground garage for 1 car + 1golf buggy. Nesltled in this exclusive residential development with beautiful swimming pool, tropical gardens and a stone throw away from the exclusive Crystal Lagoon©. The turquoise waters of the lagoon are always clear, and the most beautiful landscape surrounds it. A paradise for numerous water sports, such as paddle surfing, canoeing, sailing, kite surfing and windsurfing. The apartment is in a small residential group, nestling a walkway skirts the edge of the lagoon, so you can enjoy the natural setting and views while you walk, run or enjoy other wheeled sports. The artificial beaches are of fine sand and have sun deck areas, a superb waterfront bar-restaurant and panoramic restaurant, large fitness room and zones for beach sports, Balinese beds and sunbath, 2 outdoor Scandinavian Jacuzzis, ‘'panoramic'' sauna, communal service facilities, changing rooms and showers. This is a superb property for permanent living or luxury holiday accommodation which also boasts the best rental potential!
Lagoon video: https://youtu.be/-vwRg_VmuxY  

2 Bedroom | 2 Bathroom | Inside area: 104m2 | Terrace: 35m2 | Private garage space & storage room | Orientation: S-E | Built year: 2020

Airport: 50 min drive – Estepona: 12 min drive - Puerto Banus: 20 min drive - Marbella: 25 min drive - Golf Course: 3 min drive - Beach: 7 min drive - Closest bars & restaurants: 4 min drive - Amenities: 7 min drive - Public Transports: 7 min drive

The property market on the Costa del Sol is seriously recovering and good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.