Welcome to our vacation home in Vista Real, Nueva Andalucia

MONTHLY RENT FROM NOVEMBER TO MARCH: MONTH + ELECTRICITY + FINAL CLEANING. MINIMUM STAY OF ONE MONTH. WE DO NOT DO ANNUAL RENTALS.

Just 5 minutes drive to Puerto Banús and 3 minutes to Aloha, where you will find the best Restaurants of Marbella, bars and supermarkets. The old town of Marbella is 10 minutes away by car.

Nueva Andalucia is one of the most exclusive areas of Marbella, due to its luxury and its proximity to Puerto Banús and the Golden Mile.

This holiday home with modern and contemporary decoration, has a beautiful terrace where you can enjoy the best views of the Mediterranean.

The apartment is surrounded by golf clubs, such as Los Naranjos golf club, Las Brisas Royal Golf Club, Aloha Golf Club and La Quinta Golf & Country Club.

The house is built on 2 levels. It consists of 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms + 1 guest toilet, a spacious living room with direct access to the terrace and a full equipped kitchen.

The kitchen is fully equipped with microwave, two-door refrigerator, oven, dishwasher, kettle, toaster, etc. In the same kitchen there is a room in which is the washing machine and a large space for the iron.

On the first floor is the living room, it is equipped with a sofa, 1 armchair and TV. The dining room is equipped with a dining table with 6 chairs. The terrace has an outside table, a large outside sofa with a coffee table and 2 hammocks, perfect for relaxing at any time of the day.
The 3 bedrooms are equipped with a king size bed, en-suite bathrooms with rain shower, bathtub and double sink.

The spacious master bedroom with the en-suit bathroom is located on the second floor, it also has access to a private terrace with panoramic sea views where you find a sun bed and 2 armchairs, perfect for a relaxing evening.

We provide towels and linens for all rooms so you only need to bring your personal items.

The house is air conditioned, so you can adapt the temperature for heating or air conditioning.

There is also WIFI available throughout the property.

In addition, two parking spaces are included in the rent.

In the urbanization you can find a community pool.

This is a perfect vacation home! Come and enjoy your vacation with us.