Is a stunning newbuild modern villa located in the prestigious Casablanca Urbanization, in the heart of the Golden Mile. This luxurious home is just one - minute walk to the sea, and within a short distance to all amenities of exclusive Marbella Club and Puente Romano. This bespoke home has been finished to the highest quality standards, offering top quality materials throughout. Distributed over three levels, plus an amazing roof top terrace with incredible views of the sea and the mountains.
The villa architectonical elements on the exterior makes it unique and it welcomes you into a gorgeous entrance courtyard with a cascade pond and beautiful landscaping. It has a lovely entrance hall from which you will find a tripled height window. The hall leads to a large open - plan living area on one side and a study/bedroom, as well as a guest bathroom, on the other side we find an open - plan top of the range kitchen and dining room with a fireplace and double aspect TV recess. Off the kitchen there is a laundry room and a guest toilet for using when enjoying the exteriors. These spaces overlook the spacious covered porches with BBQ area, heated swimming pool preinstallation and retractable automatic pool cover, exterior chillout area with fireplace next to the pool and exterior lounge as well as the nicely landscaped garden area.
Upstairs, the villa has four double bedrooms all on suite, the master bedroom has a large terrace area and two dressing rooms fully equipped. On the roof terrace, we find preinstallation for Jacuzzi, countertop units for BBQ, shower and the most wonderful views. In the basement there is a large hall with lots of wardrobes/ storage space, then we see the impressive extra-large entertainment area with the possibility to customize with more features, large enough to accommodate a cinema room, gym and games room, a totally incredible space to create the best entertaining. There is a double bedroom and bathroom in this floor, as well as a second laundry room and a covered garage large enough for four or five cars, the wooden beams which dress the different spaces in the villa have even been installed in the garage, giving it a luxurious feel. Extra storage and elegant cupboards have also been added to the garage area. The engine room is next to it. There is also plenty of outdoor parking space in the exterior. This is truly one of the most exceptional homes in Casablanca, high qualities, cutting-edge architecture designed by prestigious Carlos Lamas on prime location.