Exclusive high-end villa crafted to perfection by an international designer located in the most sought-after location of Sierra Blanca, Marbella. 

This villa is part of a new gated development of 5 contemporary-style, beautiful and luminous houses with private gardens and infinity pools. The designer and architects went the extra mile to provide the finest in premium living :  luxury, comfort combined with breath taking views and the vast amounts of light and space flowing through the stunning interiors thanks to the floor-to-ceiling windows.

These are your contemporary and generously appointed villas offering space, privacy, and a host of lifestyle amenities and activities nearby. Surrounded with mature subtropical gardens this magnificent villa is build over 3 levels, counts with 1.000 m² built conveinetly located on a large and picturesque plot of 2.200m2. 

This sleek villa has it all : south facing and enjoys breath-taking sea and mountain views on a picturesque setting while it is only 1.5 km away from the sea.

 Inside : The property features a bright open plan living room with a fireplace and direct access to the terraces and infinity pool. A fully fitted open kitchen with an island / bar and a dining area also connects to the outdoor area. 

Bedrooms : It offers 4 spacious bedroom en-suite , a sauna, storage, utility and laundry areas, and a garage for 5 cars of your collection.

The chill-out, sunbathing and al fresco dining areas, an imposing swimming pool, lounges and pergolas invite to enjoy glorious Mediterranean lifestyle. Every detail is relaxing, soothing and eye pleasing there. Built with top quality materials, the splendid eco-friendly property comes for sale in excellent condition and with many luxurious features, including a bio-fireplace, Jacuzzi, lift, Home automation system, barbecue, sophisticated ceiling and lighting design, LED lights, chic feature walls and other captivating interior and exterior elements.

This Mediterranean gem in excellent location is highly desirable for people who value true luxury, tranquillity and an exclusive relaxed lifestyle in a graceful, modern high-end home with all amenities nearby. 

Home Automation with control of main lighting, A/C and blinds. Customised programming and set-up session with the client.
› Water leak detection sensors.
› Smart or remote access control

The gated complex is located within a few minutes drive to Marbella Center or the famous harbour of Puerto Banus where you can find services for an excellent quality of life, such as schools, hospitals, bars and restaurants, supermarkets, shopping centres are just a few minutes drive away.