This stunning property is located in the Las Lomas area of Alhaurin el Grande and sits in mature landscaped gardens with a total plot size of 9800m2

Access is good, tarmac road nearly all the way with the last 1km on an unmade road in good condition.

There is private parking ( accessed by an electric gate) plus a garage and carport.

The front door opens into the spacious lounge, there is Air conditioning hot and cold also the wood burning fire is equipped with a back boiler that's connected to a central heating system that goes throughout the house.

From the lounge the hallway leads to a fitted kitchen, the back door out to the terrace and pool, a guest toilet and a separate dining room with patio doors leading out to the terrace and pool area; this room could be made into a ground floor bedroom if more space is required.

Upstairs there are 4 bedrooms, the master is large with its own en suite bathroom and doors that lead out to a covered terrace looking out to the pool and the mountains.

Across the hallway is bedroom 2, it faces the other side of the house

Bedrooms 3 and 4 have Juliet balconies and fitted wardrobes and face the pool and gardens.

On this floor is also a family bathroom.

Outside there is a south - west facing covered terrace, a pergola with summer kitchen and BBQ and a large 10 x 6 swimming pool; there is also an outside shower and toilet.

There is a seperate building currently used as a utility and hobby room that could be made into a guest studio.

The gardens are mature and have been landscaped, the area immediately around the house, pool and gardens has been fenced to keep pets in.

The rest of the plot is also fenced, some is in flat areas on different levels, there is a separate entrance gate for the land making access good for someone who wanted to keep horses there.

KEY POINTS AS FOLLOWS:

INSIDE

✅ 4 Bedrooms ( the master has its own covered terrace )

✅ 2 Full bathrooms ( one is en-suite)

✅ 1 guest toilet

✅ Log burner with back boiler that heats a central heating system throughout the house.

✅ Air Conditioning units in most rooms.

✅ Separate dining room with doors to the patio

✅ Spacious lounge.

✅ Double glazing.

✅ Alarm system.

OUTSIDE

✅ Swimming pool.

✅ Outside shower.

✅ Outside toilet.

✅ Pergola with summer kitchen.

✅ Covered terrace.

✅ Separate office / utility room / could be guest apartment.

✅ Area around the house is fenced.

✅ Garage and car port.

✅ Wood store.

✅ Landscaped garden.

✅ Approx 9800m2 of land in several useful bancales