Accessed down a solid 2km track which is mostly concreted, with no passing traffic, offering stunning views, in a peaceful setting; this is a lovely south facing three-bedroom, two-bathroom finca located between Tolox and Alozaina.

You enter the property through wrought iron gates onto a driveway with parking for four cars. The property is nestled into the hillside, maximising the stunning uninterrupted views on offer.

To the front of the property is a covered terrace, overlooking the pool and the views beyond. This is a perfect location for relaxing and enjoying alfresco dining. From here you also have access to the outdoor BBQ area. The pool terrace is completely tiled and is surrounded by a large plot of !!!!!(plot size!!!!, which could be used for growing your own fruit and vegetables. You enter the finca directly into a spacious open plan living area, flooded with an abundance of light, with a modern fully fitted kitchen, high beamed ceilings, ample space for dining and living with the main focal point of this room being an integrated log burner to the far end. The property is in excellent condition throughout offering a lovely rustic charm with exposed beamed ceilings, wooden doors and window frames with shutters. From the living room, you enter the inner hallway. Here you will find three double bedrooms, family shower room with the master bedroom boasting an ensuite. Both bathrooms have recently been refurbished in a modern and neutral style. Other features include town water with deposit tanks and an electric boiler.

Step back outside to discover a beautiful, lush green garden with mature vegetation for privacy, pool terrace with the most stunning views and ample space for lounging, with a selection of fruit and olive trees scattered around the plot.

Viewings highly recommended.

ABOUT TOLOX

The town of Tolox, with between 1000 - 2000 inhabitants, is situated within the Natural Park Sierra de las Nieves and is a must visit location for lovers of hiking, potholing, climbing, cycling and other nature based activities. It is a small town in which the flowers, white houses and long streets come together to create a picturesque urban ensemble. The town offers various options allowing you enjoy a mix of activities, for those nature lovers, pretty nature trails on the outskirts of the town, and a spa for those in search of relaxation and wellness.

Tolox is home to the Fuente Amargosa Thermal Spa which is the only medicinal thermal spa in all of Spain. This spa mainly treats inflammatory skin conditions, allergic reactions, chronic coronary artery rheumatisms and chronic inflammatory respiratory problems. These waters, unlike other natural springs, are not suitable for drinking, but it's the gases that come from the springs that the spa uses. The thermal spa was opened in 1869 and rebuilt after a flood at the start of the 20th century.

As you make your way through Tolox there is the San Miguel Arcángel church. Built in the 16th century, it was burnt down in 1568 during the Moorish uprising and was rebuilt 9 years later. During these events, the area´s Christians took refuge in the church. Inside you will find canvases from the 18th century that have been attributed to Diego de la Cerda.

The chapel of San Roque, Patron Saint of the town, is 3 kilometres from the city centre and is surrounded by unbeatable views. The Virgen de las Nieves chapel is situated in a building right in the heart of Natural Park Sierra de las Nieves, surrounded by dense pinewood.

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.

