Luxury House for Sale in Alhaurin de la torre - Málaga

Spectacular luxury house for sale, 440 m2 covered with sea and mountain views, 4 bedrooms and 6 bathrooms, lift, 2 kitchens, 2 living rooms, Gymnasium, covered terrace, open terrace, barbecue area and swimming pool.

Located in the prestigious Urbanisation "El Lagar" in Alhaurin de la Torre, with the Sierra de Mijas mountain range at its back and incredible views to Malaga and the Mediterranean Sea is this beautiful modern style house surrounded by tranquility, but with all the advantages of the city of Malaga only 15 minutes away.
Alhaurin de la Torre is a lively town, famous for its quality restaurants, public and private schools, the mountains, its green areas, playgrounds, sports trails and its proximity to Malaga, beaches, airport among others.

The ground floor of the house offers a spacious bedroom with en suite bathroom, a large gymnasium with bathroom, parking for two cars plus storage rooms, access to the lift that goes up to the top floor and two small "rooms" prepared as a room for surveillance instruments and storage room.
The first floor can be reached using the lift or going up some beautiful designer stairs that lead to a large and cosy open space with kitchen, a large bedroom with en suite bathroom and security code door to access it, beautiful and spacious dressing room, living room with fireplace, impressive windows overlooking all its surroundings, terrace with glass floor overlooking Malaga, guest bathroom, access to an interior terrace with a beautiful garden and water fountain.
On the third floor of the house, we find 2 spacious bedrooms, a large living room, a bathroom and access to an impressive terrace with fully equipped kitchen, dining room, glass enclosures, movable roof and from which we can access the pool.
Once in the pool area, you can decide between 3 options: Enjoy the terrace described above or go up the stairs to a Barbecue Area prepared with a storage room and bathroom.
From this strategic location we can enjoy the breathtaking views of the Bay of Malaga, the city and the mountains or go up a little further and enjoy a wonderful Solarium.

Would You Like to Live Here?

FEATURES
Luxury Fittings, Gated Parking for two cars, CCTV cameras, Storerooms, Solar panels for water, Storage room, Gym, Alarm, Climalit double glazing, Domotic system, Covered terrace, Panoramic windows, Electric roller shutters, Fitted wardrobes, Air conditioning, Garden view, Pool view, Panoramic view, Uncovered terrace, Optional furniture, Excellent sport routes, Mountain and Sea in the same place, Nearby Schools (Public and Private), Close to Golf Courses, 10 minutes to Beaches, 12 minutes to Malaga, 10 minutes to Airport, Excellent Condition.