LUXURY CONTEMPORARY VILLA IN CASARES WITH PANORAMIC SEA VIEWS 

An independent, energy efficient and sustainably built luxury villa with beautiful sea views. A unique contemporary design, featuring the highest quality fittings to ensure functionality and optimum comfort. 

This spacious 4-bedroom, 2.5 bathroom, home has a built area of 208 m² on one level, plus 92 m² of covered terrace and 137m² of uncovered terrace.  There is also a large covered and private parking area.

There is also an option to build a further bedroom and ensuite bathroom as a second floor.  In this case the built area would be 359 m² and the villa would be on two floors rather than one.

The floor to ceiling, energy efficient windows allow you to admire the beautiful sea views and enjoy abundant sunlight in all 4 bedrooms, as well as in the spacious open plan living room.  

The rooms lead directly out onto the terrace where you can enjoy the attractive landscaped garden and your own private swimming pool, either privately or with friends and family!

The villa is designed to bring sunlight and nature right into your home using elements that welcome you into a peaceful space and create a sense of harmony and wellbeing. 

This modern and contemporary open plan design has been created by the team of architects at m2Casas. Their eye for detail, priority for sustainable building and the careful use of quality materials and natural colours, are a hallmark of the quality and integrity of our company. 

There is also the possibility to customise design elements, add extra space and select optional extras to meet your specific needs and wishes.

The villa is only 1.3km from the lovely golden beaches and trendy beach clubs of Casares Costa, as well as being a short drive to Estepona and La Duquesa Marina with all convenient services and entertainment close by. However, you can also enjoy the peaceful natural surroundings or play a game of golf on one of the nearby courses. 
The famous Finca Cortesin, one of the best 5-star hotels on the Costa del Sol, is just a short drive away.