OPPORTUNITY! Fantastic family home on the outskirts of Fuengirola in a secure, gated complex, just off the Mijas road, near the Lew Hoad Tennis Camp.

Originally built in 1989 and fully renovated in the end of 2022, this beautiful "smart home" is like new and ready to move in!
Sea views from every floor!

This is your chance to live in a peaceful, quiet, family and pet friendly urbanization, built like a typical Spanish village, full of charm and character. The urbanization offers beautiful landscaped tropical gardens with various water features and a communal swimming pool with children´s pool, as well as tennis courts!

You will feel right at home here, whether you are looking to move here permanently or just searching for a holiday home, this is a great location just minutes from all amenities, shopping, schools and international schools, highway etc. and Mijas Pueblo.

This fully renovated 3 story home welcomes you upon entering into a beautiful, spacious and bright space: a luxurious large kitchen with a huge center island, tons of cabinets and all new appliances, a comfortable living and dining room.
Near the entrance we find the guest bathroom and laundry room with washer and dryer and there is a lovely covered balcony to enjoy your morning coffee.
The solid marble stairs lead you to the 2nd floor, where we find 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. All 3 bedrooms have built in wardrobes and the master bedroom has its on suite bathroom with walk in shower, while the other 2 bedrooms share the 2nd bathroom with a tub.
On the 3rd floor is a bonus room / 4th bedroom or office and an incredible, huge terrace / solarium. Big enough for dining, sunbathing and entertaining friends and family day and night.

First occupancy license and all paperwork on hand and up to date.

Community fee includes water

Will be sold with or without furniture

If you are looking for a great family home, look no further, contact us today to schedule a visit! 
There is simply nothing like this on the market!

Distances:
Mijas Pueblo - 5km
Malaga Airport - 20km
Fuengirola Port - 4km
Suomalainen koulu (Finnish School) - 2km
The British College of Benalmadena - 8km