BRAND NEW CONTEMPORARY VILLA
Bespoke and brand new contemporary villa for sale in La Quinta, in the gated community El Herrojo Alto featuring spectacular panoramic sea views and located close to the 5* Hotel The Westin La Quinta Golf Resort & Spa with luxury facilities including a Spa, restaurant and gourmet shop. 

UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
This high quality, south facing and contemporary style villa features open bright spaces and great outdoor entertainment space with swimming pool and chill out area to enjoy with family and friends. Under construction,  the villa is set over three levels, on the main floor you will find a luminous lounge dining room, an open plan and fully  fitted modern kitchen, a cloakroom, a guest bedroom with en-suite and an office.  The first floor consists of 2 further double guest bedrooms with en-suite and fitted wardrobes and the master bedroom with private bathroom, dressing and with access to a private terrace  offering mesmerizing views to the Mediterranean sea, Africa and Gibraltar. Finally, the property affords a state-of-the-art basement space with a  guest bedroom with en-suite, a games room, a wine cellar, a gym and a massage room. There is also a garage for two cars. The villa will be ready in May 2023

 LOCATION  
Benahavis is ideal for anyone looking to buy a property somewhere peaceful but not out in the middle of nowhere. It is not over-built; it is surrounded by beautiful scenic countryside and hills, but it is just 5 minutes down the road to the beach. This pretty, quaint town has remained remarkably unspoilt, with its winding narrow lanes and whitewashed houses surrounding the village centre, which is packed full of superb restaurants. The cuisine is so important here that Benahavis has its own cookery school called the "Dieta Mediterranea". There are also 9 golf courses in the area, one of which is La Zagaleta, a highly exclusive mansion club which contributes to Benahavis' status as the wealthiest municipality per capita in Andalucía.