New Development: Prices from 889,000 € to 1,249,000 €. [Beds: 3 - 3] [Baths: 2 - 2] [Built size: 200.00 m2 - 205.00 m2]

"Where architecture meets nature, the Mediterranean Sea and Golf"

This urbanization has 20 standalone houses with a lot of space in different sizes and orientations, all with garage and private pools. Magnificent views of the golf course with the sea in the background.

Homes created with the best construction certifications, qualities and finishes. Brand new with guarantees. Maximum comfort and tranquility. Sustainable and with magnificent energy efficiency. Possibilities of customization according to your tastes or needs. Have a look in the quality report.
The location is sensational, with a distance of 1km on foot from the beach and leisure facilities in Cala de Mijas Costa, and only 170 meters from the golf course. Golf and of course the Mediterranean will become your standard of living.

Design:

Starting from the traditional silhouette of a house, the primordial pentagon, the design team has evolved these geometric lines to create a symbiosis with the existing vegetation, establishing a continuous dialogue with nature, its energy and its movement.

This is how the central axis that configures the traditional sloping roof of the house breaks and moves one of its edges, dancing to the rhythm of the wind breeze. This generates a distinction between each villa, creating a unique skyline on the Costa del Sol.

Under the philosophy of "Less is More", the design conveys the search for pure, elegant and gentle lines.

Materials such as natural wood have been used in selected areas of the villa's cladding, allowing a constant dialogue with the natural landscape around it, and unquestionably bestowing on the project the uniqueness, elegance and purity.

The staircase, designed and built as a piece of sculpture, elevates the living area to become an exclusive art gallery.

Location:

Halfway between Marbella and Málaga and less than 500 meters from the coast of Mijas, this new luxury community responds to the international demand of a select group of high-level clients.