Authentic Andalusian farmhouse in Ronda, Malaga. It is a property with a history and a special charm, dedicated in other times to the cultivation of the olive grove, with its own mill, of which part of the facilities are still preserved.
The main building dates back to 1752, it has its own chapel and other outbuildings, such as the landlord's house and guest house. Pool in charming garden and large parking area.

The surface of the farm is about 270,000 m2, and it is divided into different plots that are used for various crops, mainly cereals and alfalfa. It is an irrigated farm, and it is declared as such in the Cadastre, and it has underground facilities for irrigating crops. It also has three pools to store irrigation water, ensuring a reserve of about 450,000 m3 of water. Inside the property there is also a well to support the house or for irrigation with regulatory permits, although its use is not frequent since the water supply of the house and even swimming pools is carried out from its own spring, the water arriving to the house by gravity, not being necessary its impulsion by electricity.

The main building occupies an area of about 1,500 m2 and is divided into several floors and naves. It includes on one side of the beautiful cobbled main patio, where the house is accessed, a house for housekeeping or maintenance, with 3 bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, living room and pantry.

The main house has 9 bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms, living rooms, dining room, kitchen, office and toilet, as well as a power room and storage room. Almost all of it is recently renovated (2019), and the rest is in the reform phase.

Also in the main courtyard is an ancient chapel for religious services with a beautiful bell tower.
The old mill and barn can be renovated and become ideal spaces for a library or summer living areas, with direct access to the main patio and the pool.

In the old stables, a guest house has been adapted, with three bedrooms (main en suite) and two bathrooms, laundry area, kitchen and living room with access to a private paved patio and swimming pool independent from the main one, as well as an access to the property by a path independent from the main one, thus being able to be used for vacation rentals or other uses, such as guests, etc.

The property has mains electricity, water and internet.
It is ideal for growing vineyards or olive groves, organic gardens due to the amount of water it has at all times of the year (free at birth and stored on the same farm) or horse farming. Due to its orography and surroundings, it is ideal for horse breeding and walks along the spectacular paths that are accessed directly from the farm and it has a building of about 500 m2 to be used for agricultural machinery, stables and warehouses.

It does not have houses or neighboring buildings nearby that invade privacy or rest at any time, being an idyllic place for tranquility, walks and well-being in nature.
It is perfectly communicated with the city of Ronda, about 5 minutes away by car, and you can even reach it by taking a pleasant walk.
The train station is 4 minutes away, communicating with Malaga, Madrid or Algeciras in a short time and daily frequency.
The airports of Malaga and Seville approximately one hour away by car.

It is completely fenced and has two accesses from paved roads.
A unique property that will not leave you indifferent due to its history and charm.