This project represents the execution of an elegant and unique design, through an honest architecture capable of connecting with the natural environment under the most demanding quality and design standards.

Its location is truly enviable, on the first line of Golf but with complete tranquility and privacy, it enjoys beautiful views of the surrounding nature.

The villa extends over the plot, organizing itself into three main volumes generated through large walls that mark the views of each one of them.
Each volume contains a different function of the dwelling. The largest contains the common area, linked to the main garden and the pool, while the other two volumes correspond to a private use, each linked to another area of ​​the garden. Each room opens onto a specific exterior part, thus privatizing the views and spaces in the most discreet way.

All the main areas of the house are developed on the ground floor, in order to facilitate its day-to-day use.

The access to the house, through a careful exterior space, receives the user in a bright hall that leads to each area of ​​the house. Access to the basement is through this space.

The basement floor houses many possibilities. It is presented as a large open space that incorporates a car park for two vehicles with a charging point for electric vehicles, as well as a laundry room and a machine room.
In the open space, thanks to the existing English patio that allows natural lighting and ventilation, two bedrooms and a full bathroom can be integrated, or opt for a wine bar, a gym or a cinema room, even a combination of several.
At the owner&#039;s choice!

In short, it is a home with its own style and personality that will leave no one indifferent in a really quiet and charming environment.
It is located just 1 km from Finca Cortesin, an exclusive luxury resort that offers high-quality service and has one of the best hotels in the world, haute cuisine restaurants, a Spa, and an 18-hole golf course. considered one of the best in Spain. A 3-minute drive away we have the closest beach, and the possibility of walking along a beautiful walk, or by bicycle. The best golf courses on the Costa del Sol, Marbella and Puerto Banús are just a drive away and the charming town of Estepona is 10 minutes away.

A really comfortable area for those who know how to value the privacy, tranquility and quality of life that the Costa del Sol offers us, taking into account that within our reach is the most vibrant rhythm of life that characterizes the Marbella coast, together with a property unique in an enviable enclave.

For any additional information, we remain at your disposal!

* Off-plan Villa with possibilities of improvement according to customer preferences: €1,595,000*
* Built Villa : €1,630,000*