Unique Classic Villa with 6 Bedrooms on the first line of golf with the best views of the city of Marbella, the Mediterranean Sea, the La Concha Mountain and Santa Clara Golf Course.
This spectacular classic villa stands out not only for its perfect south west orientation, its great privacy, its extraordinary views, and its privileged location in the heart of a luxury gated community with 24-hour security, but also for its outstanding design and the unbeatable quality of the materials used in the construction.
We access this luxury villa either through a wide pedestrian entrance or a gentle access ramp that leads to the garage located in the basement. The entrance hall welcomes us with its large window and the wide staircase that leads to the upper floor or the basement. The ground floor is divided into two clearly differentiated areas; the living area with its large living room, its spacious and luxurious formal dining room, a toilet and the independent kitchen with dining unformal dinning space, and a separate area with two large bedrooms with two separate dressing rooms and luxurious "en-suite" bathrooms. From the living room and from one of the bedrooms we can access the large, covered terrace and the magnificent garden and private pool, from where we can enjoy the best views of the sea, the mountains and the city of Marbella.
On the upper floor, which is also accessed via a modern elevator, we can enjoy 3 large bedrooms, highlighting the master bedroom with a large separate dressing room and a luxurious bathroom with shower and Jacuzzi, as well as a private terrace with one of the best views of Marbella. The other two bedrooms also have "en-suite" bathrooms and large wardrobes and one of them has a large private terrace with incredible views of the mountains and the Mediterranean Sea.
The basement offers us a complete employee apartment with a separate bedroom, a complete bathroom and a living / dining room with a fully equipped kitchen, an ironing room, and a storage room. Additionally, we can enjoy a complete Spa with Jacuzzi, sauna, Turkish bath, showers, a complete gym and a modern garage with capacity for at least 5 vehicles.
The Santa Clara luxury urbanization is in the East Marbella Golf Valley with 5 first-class 18-hole golf courses within our reach, such as the Santa Clara golf course itself, Rio Real Golf, Marbella Golf, Santa María Golf and Cabopino Golf, and all this just 5 minutes from the best beaches in Marbella and 10 minutes from the city of Marbella and La Cañada Shopping Center.
