Beautiful Andalusian Style Family Townhouse in Alhaurin el Grande. 

This lovely townhouse is located in a very quiet residential area, but only a few streets away from all the towns facilities. Walking distance to a park, the shops, schools, and all what the center has to offer yet surrounded by the mountains. The owners have created a beautiful home with creative touches and colours, such as plenty of mosaics, original terracotta floors, and clever storage solutions as well keeping to the famous Andalusian style.

The house is on a corner and consists of two floors. Through the spacious entrance hall you have access to a bedroom/study and the living room with direct access to a lovely large Andalusian patio. From the living room you have also access to 2 other rooms (now used as a studio and gym). The living room is heated by a pellet cooker and or air conditioning for the summer days. Furthermore we continue to the lovely kitchen with a spacious pantry and laundry room. The bright and spacious patio has plenty of space for those al fresco dining experiences and has an outside staircase that leads to the first floor where there is also a terrace with lovely mountain views. On this floor we also have a toilet/laundry/pantry, separate room and access to one of the bedrooms.

At the top of the internal stairs we have a hallway with natural light through a skylight in the ceiling, decorated with mosaics, which gives access to the bathroom and two bedrooms. There is also a storage loft that takes advantage of the stairwell. The first bedroom has a double bed, fitted wardrobes, as well as French doors leading to the terrace with views towards the mountains. The second bedroom is very large (could me made into 2 bedrooms) with fitted wardrobes. In here the owners have created a raised  wooden floor to create another space in the room for their children. Both bedrooms have air conditioning. The entire first floor is tiled and the floor of the double bedroom is made of old terracotta, restored and 150 years old.

The electrical and plumbing installation has been refurbished. Parking is on the street in front of the house and other properties in the street have created a roof terrace on top of their property. Don't loose out as this lovely house will sell quickly!
