Nestled within landscaped gardens, surrounded by mature vegetation, offering complete privacy in the heart of Alhaurin el Grande, within easy walking distance to shops, bars and schools, this beautiful villa with annex guest house offers all you wish.
The property is in excellent condition throughout, boasting hot cold air conditioning, town water, garage, and mature garden with a large pool and a seperate splunge pool. No to mention the impecable views this amazing villa has to offer.

The property is traditional in style but with many modern elements. You are immediately drawn into the fully fitted contemporary kitchen, the heart of the villa, with an  attached bar to enjoy family / friends evenings. 
From the main living room the double patio doors lead outside onto a lovely veranda with recently new installed retractable sunscreens. From this private area you have beautiful views of pool area. 

Back to the living room, from here you have access to the large master double bedroom with a modern ensuite bathroom, divided by a lovely walkin closet.
Walking up the stairs you will inmediately notice how high the ceilings are. This gives you a very spacious feeling. On this floor you will encounter  two more large sized bedrooms and a bathroom. 
Between the bedrooms you have stairs leading up to a huge attic which can be used for several purposes. The current owners use this room as a second living room.

A very special feature of this property is the annex guest house. This completely private guest house is seperated from the main villa and is currently used as an AirBnB. 
Entering the spacious guest house you will find a fairly large living room and adjacent to the left a lovely kitchen. From the living room you have access to a nicely situated outside terrace where your guests can enjoy the amazing views towards the sierra nevada.
Back into the living room of the guest house you will access to a modern bathroom and adjacent a large sized bedroom. In the living room you will encounter stairs that will lead you to a huge open attic which gives this guesthouse a unique feature.. The large attic with windows can be used as you would like to. Here you can host 2 extra double beds, a game room or whatever you would like it to be.

The beautiful maintained garden with an abundance of fruit trees has also several covered private terraces where you can enjoy during the warm summer- and colder winter months. 
Adjoining to the pool there is a lovely bar area for the nice summer evenings to relax and have a glass of wine with your guests and friends.

The property comes with a private garage which can be converted to another spacious apartment. A bathroom is allready installed on this level.

This is truly an unique property, recently reformed with the best materials and ready to move into.
Viewings Are Higly Recommended To Appreciate This Property



