Investment property!

This complex is a private oasis on the edge of El Paraíso Golf - a haven of tranquillity at the point where Marbella, Estepona and Benahavis meet. The urbanisation is close to amenities and close to the beach. 

The style and feel is that of a Mediterranean village. Pathways lead from the main reception and concierge area to the independent suites. It''s a welcoming environment, with a café, lounge bar and terrace, two magnificent swimming pools and sun terraces surrounded by lush gardens. The complex also boasts a professionally equipped gymnasium and a private spa with sauna and changing rooms.

Royal Marbella Golf Resort homeowners can enjoy the service and amenities of a resort hotel combined with the comfort and independence of a flat. It is the perfect environment to relax and unwind, but if you need to keep in touch with the outside world there is a co-working centre with support service provided by our concierge team.

Marbella Golf Resort offers the ideal combination of a private oasis right in the bustling heart of the Costa del Sol - the perfect base for a Marbella holiday and the best way to own a property within your own holiday complex. With a selection of one and two-bedroom flats, plus three-bedroom duplexes, comfortable and modern flats are well equipped and spacious.

During the first year a 6% net return is guaranteed, including water, electricity, Ibi, rubbish, electricity and Wifi. The same company takes care of obtaining the tourist licence, marketing, laundry, check-in & check-out, cleaning and maintenance. 

Apartment, Close to Golf, Furnished, Fitted Kitchen, Communal Pool, Garden: Community
Views:  Garden, Pool.
Features  Air Conditioning Hot/Cold, Automatic Irrigation System, Community gym, Community Pool, Conveniently Situated for Golf, Covered Terrace, Fitted Kitchen, Fountain, Garden, Garden and Pool View, Investment Property, Landscaped Gardens, Lounge, Luxury Fittings, Modern Style, Optical fiber / ADSL, Pool, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, Spa, Sports Facilities, Swimming Pool, Terrace, Wood Flooring.