This very pretty finca for sale oozes classic Spanish charm throughout every corner of the property with  Licensed to have 5 horses.

This very pretty finca oozes classic Spanish charm throughout every corner of the property. Sitting on a flat, sprawling plot of 4000m2, the house is surrounded by mature trees and plants, benefits from a superb location in the countryside and is yet only 5 minutes from the centre of Estepona. The beach is within easy walking distance and motorway access is very convenient.
The expansive plot houses equestrian facilities complete with stables and paddocks. On entering the main gates, there is a carport with room for 2 cars, further leading to one of the terraces of the house. Once inside, the  rustic appeal is immediately apparent in every detail, from the beamed ceilings to the terracotta floors.  The property is very stylishly furnished and the south orientation invites light to flood into all the rooms. The  ground floor comprises an ample sitting room with a separate dining area, leading out to a welcoming terrace and garden, a  fully fitted  ‘Provencal' kitchen, again with garden access, a shower room and a huge covered terrace. Upstairs there are three bedrooms, two with their own private terraces, and the main bathroom. Surrounding the home there are several open and covered outdoor areas, perfect for al-fresco dining or simply relaxing under the sun throughout the year, enveloped in mature vegetation. The garden has been designed to create a comfortable and natural transition between the residential area and the main finca. There is a large vegetable plot and a huge variety of fruit trees  - fig, orange, lemon, avocado, peach, apricot, plum, medlar, pomegranate, quince, almond, pear, apple, kumquat, banana.  There are many native trees and plants as well as several other more tropical varieties.
Currently, there are 4 horses at the property. There are two entrances, one for the house and another for the horses. Being in Guadalobón, the property is exceptionally tranquil yet just a short drive away from Estepona's town centre. The area is also near a wide variety of local amenities including several golf courses, hospitals, restaurants and shopping areas. The beach is also less than 1km  from the property. By car, the centre of town can be reached in 5 minutes, while Marbella is 20 minutes away, Sotogrande 20 minutes and  Malaga airport 50 minutes.
