Beautiful newly refurbished flat in the prestigious urbanization of Las Terrazas de las Lomas del Marbella Club, a landmark building and architectural award winner designed by the famous architect Fernando Higueras.
Its location is privileged, in the tranquil area of Lomas Del Marbella Club, known for its protected green areas, quiet streets and its proximity to all the best leisure options to be found on Marbella's Golden Mile. The flat is only a few minutes' drive from Puente Romano, the golden beaches of Marbella, fantastic restaurants, Puerto Banús and a selection of world-class golf courses.
The house was refurbished a few years ago and has a large living room with designer kitchen and high end appliances (Neff, second brand of Miele) open to the living room, 3 double bedrooms, 2 of which with en-suite bathrooms and a third bathroom which serves as a guest toilet for the third bedroom. It has two large terraces: an outdoor terrace of about 40m² overlooking the shell and the beautiful green areas of the Lomas Del Marbella Club area, and an indoor terrace of about 30m² overlooking the tropical gardens (with fountains and plants) which can be enclosed with Lumon to convert it into a pleasant living room.
It includes a convenient laundry area with Bosch washing machine and tumble dryer, a storage area, a large and convenient indoor parking space and communal parking spaces outside. There is the possibility of acquiring an additional storage room or garage space.
The communal areas consist of a huge communal swimming pool with sea views, gymnasium, sauna and a meeting room, a dog park, and a very spacious indoor garage.
Apart from its location, it is worth mentioning the security of the urbanisation which has a 24hrs / 365 days security service, as well as gardeners and maintenance staff.
The flat overlooks the shell ensuring it is cool in summer and warm in winter. Ideal for summer or year round living. In short, it is a unique property in an elegant and extremely well located building in Marbella. 
It has a tourist license so it is also an excellent opportunity for investors.
