A magnificent, detached luxury villa set on a larger than average plot (800 sqm). Nestled in the much sought-after urbanisation of Las Delicias. Situated on the outskirts of Coin, close to beautiful countryside and a short drive to surrounding villages, with easy access to the coast, making it an ideal location.
Distributed over three floors: Level 1 comprises a hallway, WC, modern kitchen (with access to a covered terrace), separate dining area, and large lounge with access to an office (bedroom 5). Patio doors lead from the lounge onto a large private covered terrace with a beautiful pool and mountain views.
Stairs lead from the lounge to the upper level to a landing with access to formerly three bedrooms; all have access to a large, covered terrace.
The master suite now benefits from a dressing room with fitted wardrobes (previously the guest bedroom, which can easily be restored), a luxury bathroom with a bath and separate shower, and a double bedroom (bedroom 2) with an ensuite bathroom and fitted wardrobes. 
Stairs from the lounge lead to a small landing, accessing a two-bedroom apartment (ideal for staff/rental accommodation) with an independent entrance. Comprising an open plan kitchen/dinner, games room and lounge., two double bedrooms, a guest bathroom, a shower room, and a large utility room with storage cabinets.
Outdoors consists of automatic entrance gates, a separate side gate, a spacious garage that benefits from an automated door, storage rooms, a large, heated saltwater swimming pool with an automatic thermal cover, and low maintenance mature gardens. A secluded area with a hobby/gardening shed is located at the back of the house.
Features include hot & cold air conditioning throughout, an alarm system, double glazing, a fireplace, a BBQ area, a games room, and an office. The property also benefits from a water deposit and pumped supply providing excellent water pressure.

Viewing is highly recommended on this immaculately presented property. Huge income potential from a strong rental market for both short & Long term lets.
Coin is only a five minute drive away, an 18 hole golf course within a five-minute drive, 20 minutes to the coast and 30 to Malaga Airport.


Detached Villa, Coín, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 298 m², Garden/Plot 800 m².

Setting : Country, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Games Room, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Staff Accommodation, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
