SOLD
Exquisite Sea View front line beach exceptionally spacious recently upgraded Townhouse with a basement garage situated in Garden Beach on the New Golden Mile of Estepona, an exclusive gated Beach fronted Urbanization comprising of bespoke exceptionally spacious luxury townhouses close to the 5* Kempinski Hotel and Spa.
This remarkably enhanced property is distributed over 3 levels, complimented throughout with finest polished herringbone design white marble with coordinating grey porcelian wood effect flooring, contemporary bathrooms and  a newly enhanced Kitchen. 

The entrance level features a spacious contemporary open plan sea and garden view lounge with dining room offering picture windows for access to a redesigned exterior dining and relaxation terrace on front of an exquisite sea view romantic private enclosed garden offering exceptional privacy and sea views.
The upper level features 3 spacious double bedrooms, a Sea view terrace and 2 contemporary bathrooms. 
The Master Bedroom en-suite offers heavenly sea views from wide picture doors leading to a spectacular relaxation terrace. 

Encompassing the entire roof top level a sunbathing, relaxation and chill out zone with Wi-Fi and spacious dining area offering incredible Sea, Beach Garden, Beach Paseo and Gibraltar views with a purpose built  outdoor kitchen with a long granite bar seating area, a newly installed wall integrated BBQ unit and cooking area facing the Panoramic Sea views. 
At the basement level, a spacious underground Garage for several cars with a separate room for an optional 4th bedroom or a Gymnasium, basement offers staircase access to the house.  
A further option for conversion to a self contained apartment with private entrance also exists at basement level.

Newly upgraded Residents Swimming Pool within Tropical Palm Gardens 
Recommended & Popular on site Restaurant "Wild"
Secure gated entrance with area roaming security
Redecorated Kitchen, Lounge and Bedrooms
New Grey Wood Effect Porcelian Flooring
New Electric Persian and manual Persian Blinds
Redesigned Garden and Lounge Terrace
Dailkin Air Conditioning installed 
Pre Installed Vented Hot and Cold Air conditioning in every room 
Wall mounted storage heaters and remote controlled electric ceiling fans installed throughout
Natural Fireplace within the Lounge/Dining Room. 
High Standard Sensor Controlled Alarm Installed.  
Wifi and International TV channels Installed
Most furniture included in the price

A short walk directly from the property to the new Elite "Laguna" Beach Club presently under construction featuring on site exclusive retail shopping and International Restaurants  
and also to The 5* Kempinski Hotel with on site Spa, many Restaurants, Luxury Beach Club and Chiringito

25 Minutes walk along a beautiful Sea & Beach paseo to the famous Estepona Historic Town Center and Sailing Port

Exceptionally High Rental & ROI Property Investment Potential