The villa is located in Cascada de Camojan, the picturesque urbanization located in the heart of Sierra Blanca, Marbella.
Spectacular panoramic views over the Mediterranean and La Concha Mountain can be enjoyed from every point of the plot. 
These magical conditions make the villa a unique place to relax and unwind in a private property. The plot comprises up to 3.000 sqm with 2 private gardens, one facing the astonishing Mountain and another with pool, jacuzzi and views to the sea. 
The villa can take advantage of the services provided by the Homeowner's Association of Cascada de Camojan. These include: building and green area maintenance, 24h security surveillance with entrance barrier and security cameras throughout the compound. The perfect mix of grandeur and intimacy. Clean volumes, enhanced by the use of different materials, create a game of shadows that inflict life to the villa. 
Distinctive facades made of unique materials such as iroko wood and Travertine marble. An extraordinary architecture that encloses 1.598 sqm, surrounded by a majestic landscape garden and an infinity swimming pool with an integrated jacuzzi. 
Life at the Villa is meant to eclipse your imagination and transport you to a realm of sheer greatness.
Excellence in every interior room. Spectacular entrance with double height ceiling and symmetrical stairs that resemble marble floating steps with a glass railing. Natural marble flooring and white lacquered carpentry play an impeccable contrast with varnished oak wood details and black lacquered aluminum carpentry. Flawless luxurious bathrooms in natural marble and custom-finished dressing rooms in oak enhance the uniqueness of the bedrooms. Indirect light hidden in the detailed ceilings in the noble areas of the villa. Gracious 31 sqm gym with panoramic views towards the unique mountain of La Concha.
Basement with Large Lounge with Bar. Games Room, Laundry, Staff Suite with independent access, Spa, Lift, Security System, Generous 7 Spaces Car Garage, The SPA includes a Massage Room, jacuzzi, Turkish bath, sauna and an independent toilet. Roof top area of 300 sqm with fitted BBQ, kitchenette/bar, swimming pool, open air sitting and dining area, sun bathing area.