The panoramic penthouse
The penthouse has not only one terrace, but two, both of them facing west. One of the terraces is upstairs, outside of the bedrooms. The main terrace is situated downstairs, outside the living room and kitchen. The apartment is fitted with two separate air-conditions to control the indoor climate of the bedrooms upstairs and living room/kitchen downstairs. For the convenience of you and your guests, there is a guest toilet downstairs, while there is two full bathrooms upstairs next to the bedrooms. The master bedroom has direct access to a bathroom with double sinks, bathtub and even a walk-in closet. The two floors are connected by beautiful wooden stairs.

Sunny terraces with excellent views
All apartments have terraces directed towards the sun, with direct access from all rooms. The floors have nice terracotta tiles that helps extend the apartments to the outside area. The outdoor area is even fitted with water and electricity, and possibilities for automatic watering of the flower beds. Spacious entrance to enjoy the morning sun.

Inviting and relaxing interior
The apartments are painted in warm and pleasant colors. All the floors have the same tiles that floats seamless throughout the whole apartment. The light is controlled by state of the art electronics from Berker KNX that provide timer functionality on the lights. For the climate inside, the apartments have air-condition installed that can provide both good cooling and nice heat when needed. The air-flow can be controlled separately in the different areas of the apartment.

High quality
All products throughout the apartment are of high quality, mostly German quality brands. The kitchen interior is made by SieMatic, while alle the kitchen appliances are made by German NEFF. The kitchen is fully equipped, with ceramic hob, oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, and combined fridge/freezer. In the bathrooms you find Grohe mixers and all porcelain from Spanish Roca and French Jacob Delafon. In the private laundry you will find a washing machine from German NEFF and a large water heater.

Penthouse Duplex, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 103 m², Terrace 34 m².

Setting : Country, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South West, West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Central Heating, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Pool, Courtyard, Forest.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, Gym, Storage Room, Access for people with reduced mobility, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Domotics, Staff Accommodation, Basement, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Landscaped.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, Open, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Resale.
