FOR SALE; WONDERFUL 4 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH PRIVATE GARDEN AND PANORAMIC SEA VIEWS. CALAHONDA
Located in a quiet and secure urbanization, in the middle part of Calahonda we find this house surrounded by nature with sea views and very bright, which has been renovated and has 4 bedrooms.

With a living area of 172 sqm, plus terraces and a 100 sqm mature garden surrounding the property, this corner townhouse is divided into 3 floors;

Middle floor; Street level.  Entrance hall, guest toilet, a fully equipped kitchen connected to the living room, with fireplace and wooden beamed ceilings with large windows and exit to a nice terrace overlooking the nature surrounding the house and the sea in the background.... All the terraces enjoy sunlight all day long, thanks to their south/south west orientation. This terrace connects with the upper terrace and the garden.

First floor; A very private terrace, a bedroom and a complete bathroom.

Ground floor; On this floor we find the 3 large bright bedrooms with wardrobes and 2 bathrooms with Italian showers (one en suite), a hall with wardrobes and a sauna (currently used as a storage room). From the bedrooms you access the garden of the house with lawn, mature trees, barbecue and a storage room. A private pool area could be installed. The urbanisation has a swimming pool, sun loungers and parasols.

At the front of the house, there is a porch and covered parking area. 
The property has marble floors, white aluminium and pvc carpentry with double glazing, fireplace, fully fitted renovated kitchen, bathrooms with Italian showers, solar panels, fireplace, alarm, adsl, barbecue and storage room. 

Ideal to live all year round or as a second holiday home. 
Close to restaurants, shops, bus stop and taxi rank. 
4 minutes from the beach of Calahonda, 3 minutes from the 9-hole golf course La Siesta Golf, and 2 minutes from the connection with the motorway Ap/7 passing through Calahonda. 

At 17 minutes from the centre of Marbella, 12 minutes from Fuengirola and 22 minutes from Malaga airport.