GREAT LOCATION WITH AMAZING VIEWS
A spectacular villa located in a sought-after area on the heights of Elviria, offering fabulous views of the Mediterranean Sea and Mountains. On a clear day, one can see Gibraltar and Morocco on the North African Coastline.

FANTASTIC FACILITIES 
This unique and beautiful villa is situated in Elviria and built on a 2.504m2 plot with stunning panoramic views across the Mediterranean Sea. Set within two levels, the villa includes a newly installed infinity pool as well as a 10-seater jacuzzi, poolside bar and generous Balinese style outdoor lounging area. Perfect for hosting, the outdoor seating area and dining space are perfectly placed to enjoy the striking views. The interior is decorated to the highest standards, embracing the spacious, bright and airy living spaces. The open and light grand entrance hall is the heart of the home, connecting to most of the villa. The villa comprises of 8 double bedrooms with sizeable en-suites. The large master bedroom includes a substantial walk-in-wardrobe, bath and shower suite to follow with double vanity. Within this villa, you will find 5 comfortable seating areas containing sofa suites, one of which includes a pool table. An elevated dining area leads to a separate fully equipped kitchen; perfect for catering and with 2 islands; one of which seats 5. This villa also, includes a separate formal dining room. A large games room with addition to a second pool table, also boasts a lit-up bar. The basement level of the villa, holds a master tv room with a further full-sized kitchen area and island to complete. The outdoor pool and lounge area is linked to perfectly manicured gardens via steps. Here you will find an added space to relax alfresco style as well as an outdoor gym. The property offers a garage for 2 vehicles.

AREA
This beautiful property sits on a privileged plot to the East of Marbella and has the ideal location with close proximity to all the wonders of the Costa del Sol, within short distance to the Marbella old Town, La Cañada Shopping Centre and just 35 minutes' drive to the Malaga Airport. You are at the right place if you enjoy sports, shopping and gastronomy. Well-known international schools, supermarkets, the biggest commercial centre on the coast, the main hospital, 5-star hotels and health centres, restaurants and famous beach clubs are all at close range. This is also a great place for golf enthusiasts. From here you can explore everything Marbella has to offer.

INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY
Currently, the property is used for holiday rentals as well as for hosting weddings, private events, pool parties, etc. This may be a perfect opportunity for an investor who may wish to continue with this profitable business* or can turn it into a luxury boutique guest house, or simply to purchase it for a personal use as family home. At present the investment produces a 10% ROI. The villa is sold with the customized website including all future reservations. *Please consider that the business can be sold for an additional EUR 1 million, with an approximate annual turnover of EUR 250,000.