PRIVATE PURCHASE CONTRACT SIGNED AND PAID
ARRAS
Impressive South Facing Traditional Andalucian Designed House commanding magnificent views overlooking the Mediterranean Sea from all levels with Gibraltar and the Northern Coast of Africa breathtakingly visable day or night. 
Enviably situated within an elevated exclusive residential enclave lined with tall palms and firs in El Paraiso Alto Benahavis, designed within an immaculately maintained private tropical palm garden with a private swimming pool exquisitly encapsulated by mirage views to the Sea and the surrounding El Paraiso Hills and Golf Course.  El Paraiso Alto Benahavis, is an elite desirable residential location consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf, vacation home and residential choice on the entire Costa del Sol.
From the impressive walled and gated entrance, a private driveway adjacent to the garden lined with stunning tall firs offers access to the property entrance and garage with additional exterior guest parking. 
Upon entry to the house, the first floor compromises of an exceptionally well appointed open plan lounge and dining room complimented with a traditional Andalucian elevated fireplace on front of double aspect wall to wall picture windows offering infinity Sea and garden views with access to a long arched dining and relaxation terrace decorated with colourful bougainvillea. 

Exquisite sea views within the garden and swimming pool accessed from the lounge terrace.

The bedroom wing at entrance level offers a redecorated traditional Master Bedroom ensuite equipped with wall to wall white panelled wardrobes and offers picture perfect sea and garden views therein. 
Two further traditionally styled well appointed guest bedrooms with integrated wardrobes and an adjoining spacious guest bathroom. 
From the lounge, a fully equipped white kitchen and a separate spacious utility storage room offering rear garden access, a cloakroom and guest toilet from the entrance hallway lead to a feature white marble staircase for access to the second level hosting an exceptionally spacious Master bedroom ensuite with purpose built his and hers dressing room situated on front of the bathroom with bathtub, picture windows from the bedroom lead to a romantic private relaxation terrace with truly stunning elevated panoramic Sea and Gibraltar views. 
A further loft style double bedroom converted to a gym with a luxurious purpose built Sauna room offers a convenient shower room and private access to the terrace.

Automatic entrance basement garage for 1 or 2 cars offers ample storage room and a separate door leading to a dedicated double arched relaxation terrace presently utilised as a games area with table tennis and table football, situated directly on front of the garden and the swimming pool. Convenient direct access into the property lounge from within the garage via staircase. 

The entire property exterior walls, arches and front facade have recently benefited from completion of a painting project in Andalucian white, thus redefining the property's impressive well maintained appeal. 
Secure, walled and gated exterior with video intercom entrance
State of the Art security sensor controlled alarm installed to the property perimeter, exterior areas and to the interior
24 Hour roaming Security within El Paraiso Alto and area security surveillance CCTV

The Famous 5* Hotel Villa Padierna and the VP beachside Club Del Mar, along with the Villa Padierna Tennis Club and Clubhouse are 6 minutes drive from the property
The El Paraiso 18 hole Golf Club offering a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round are 3 minutes drive from the property
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita and to the Bel Air Commercial Centre offering essential services and an excellent choice of international restaurants
12 minutes drive to Estepona, The Golden Mile of Marbella and to Puerto Banus.

Viewing is highly recommended 
