Finca on a large plot of land with a guest house in Atalaya, Mijas

The property is located in the Spanish countryside, overlooking the Ronda mountains and the Mediterranean Sea. 

This is a great business opportunity for anyone interested in building their very own Glamping business.
Glamping, or glamorous camping, is a rapidly growing trend in the tourism industry. It offers a unique and luxurious outdoor experience for people who want to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life but don't want to sacrifice comfort and convenience.

The 17.364m2 plot' is laid out over different levels, surrounded by a lot of natural beauty in the Andalusian countryside. The plot is completely fenced in. 
The property is easily accessible, with a paved road leading all the way up to the property. The private driveway, however, does require a larger 4x4 car as it is quite steep. Of course, it would also be possible to improve said driveway.
The main house is situated atop a mountain, allowing for a breathtaking 360-degree view of the Andalusian countryside. The plot has enough space to accommodate several tents or cabins. 
The main house features three double bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite bathroom and a walk-in wardrobe. The other two bedrooms share a bathroom complete with a shower and a bathtub. There is a good-sized, fully equipped kitchen with direct access to the wrap-around terrace, where the barbecue is. Adjoining the kitchen is a large laundry room. 
The main entrance into the house is via a small hallway and directly into the large living room. The living room features a great, big fireplace and patio doors leading directly out onto the wrap-around terrace. 
There is a large, covered wrap-around terrace that goes all the way around the main house. The garden area is large, and there is also plenty of space for parking. 
On the same level of the plot where the main house is, there is also a large storage room and an additional area fenced off for chickens or dogs. 

The guest house is located on a level further down the plot. This two-storey house is a smaller, completely independent house, featuring just one bedroom on the first floor with a large walk-in wardrobe and an en-suite toilet. On the ground floor of this house, there is a nice open-concept dining/living room and a large, fully equipped kitchen. The kitchen has direct access to another room which is currently being used as an office. Adjoining the office is another toilet. This house has a fabulous view of the Spanish countryside and the Mediterranean Sea. 
This level of the plot also has plenty of gardens and space for parking. 

This property would be ideal for a Glamping business. 
Invest in high-quality furnished tents or cabins equipped with comfortable beds, luxurious bedding and much more. Offering amenities like electricity, running water, and private bathrooms make your guests feel more comfortable. 
Make your glamping business eco-friendly using sustainable and environmentally friendly products and practices, such as solar panels, composting toilets, and recycling programs. You can also educate your guests on the importance of sustainability and encourage them to reduce their environmental impact.
 A glamping business can offer a unique and memorable outdoor experience for those seeking adventure and luxury. 
This property can become a profitable and fulfilling business opportunity.