Superb villa,  conveniently located in the top section  of La Capellania, close to amenities such as shops and restaurants. ....and a short drive to access the highway for airport etc.  A very bright and spacious property.  On entrance level: hallway, large lounge/dining room ,  independent fully fitted  kitchen with breakfast area, cloakroom, shower room and two guest bedrooms. The kitchen, lounge/dining room and one of the guest bedrooms all have external access to the garden and pool area.  Accessing the upper level via staircase with stained glass window there is a  master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and dressing area, and from this bedroom there is access to a large terrace with lovely sea views!  Also using the stairs there to access the lower level, where the lower hallway gives access to a large bedroom with ensuite bathroom (equipped with both shower and bath), also from this hallway there is a utility room, storeroom and a large double garage with workshop which is partially being used as a pool room.  Outside, this generous and low maintenance plot of 899m2 offers plenty of parking space, as well as a large swimming pool with automatic cover and large areas for entertaining and sun bathing,  with sunshine from morning to late evening! The house is well equipped with airconditioning and solar panels for hot water. Also Photo-voltaic panels for electricty.  Highly recommended for viewings given the practical location, size and quality.
DEED: Total Built Area 320,35m2, Year of Build: 2003, Aprox fees IBI :2054€ per year - Basura 290€ per year - Community 100€ per month.   CEE:Energy Consumption Rating & CO2 Emissions Rating Pending
The stated data is merely informative and has no contractual value. These details may be subject to errors, price changes, omissions, availability and/or withdrawal from the market without prior notice. The indicated price does not include the expenses inherent to the purchase of real estate according to current laws (ITP or VAT, notary expenses, registry expenses, conveyancing etc)
,