Unique opportunity to acquire a 57,000 m2 plot in an excellent location with the possibility of building your second dream home of an additional 300 m2, with a charming house of 154 m2 built, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and spectacular recreational areas in contact with the nature, ideal for horse lovers.

This property is divided into three plots, two of them continuous and completely fenced, totaling 48,000 m2. And another discontinuous plot of 9,000 m2.

The rustic-style house, built in 2002 on the largest plot, was renovated in 2013, and has 70 m2 of usable space, a 30 m2 front porch, a 40 m2 covered rear terrace and a 14 m2 barbecue area. However, due to the extension of the plot, about 300 m2 can still be legally built, which would allow considering the current construction as a guest house and building a main house to your liking in the upper part of the plot that enjoys beautiful views.

The house consists of 1 cozy living room with a wood-burning fireplace, a bedroom, kitchen, a family bathroom with a shower, and a large room that could be made into a further bedroom. The fabulous outdoor areas have a separate toilet. The style and finishes of the house are rustic, executed with excellent materials that give it a character and beauty that is difficult to find.

The property is supplied with water from a fully operational 150 meter deep well. Additionally, it has another well that is currently not operational but that can be reactivated if necessary. And also have the possibility of receiving water from the local network with a simple procedure. The orientation of the house is north, it has beautiful windows with wooden frames and shutters, and also blinds. The water heater is electric.

The access route, with different possibilities, is almost completely paved, being the last 250 meters on dirt track in good condition. The center of Coín is 8 minutes away, Alhaurín El Grande 14 minutes. Malaga, Marbella and the airport are just over 30 minutes away, and beaches like El Pinillo and La Cala are 25 minutes away.