Charming Apartment in Guadalmina Alta, Marbella: Spacious and with an unbeatable location, apartment in the elegant Campos de Guadalmina urbanization, renowned for its high quality, its vast common areas, numerous swimming pools, gardens, playgrounds and promenades in the heart of golf paradise and surrounded by its fields, in front of the Real Club de Golf Guadalmina, make this location ideal for living peacefully, but with immediate access to San Pedro town, CN340/A-7, and only 5 min. from Puerto Banús and 15ˈ from Marbella center. The apartment is a "very high" ground floor, almost a mezzanine, with comfortable spaces as it consists of a large bedroom, large kitchen, spacious living-dining room and full bathroom, as well as a 21 m2 covered terrace where you can enjoy the fantastic climate of Marbella. Its condition is very careful and ready to move into, it has a fireplace, radiant boiler heating in all rooms, centralized hot/cold air conditioning, marble floors and original high-quality work finishes. Fully equipped kitchen and we can talk furniture wise. Private underground parking space included in the price. Gated community with cameras and 24 hour surveillance. The accessibility to both the building and the apartment is perfect since it consists of ramps, elevators and all the comforts for golf carts, wheelchairs, etc.; Fully adapted to current regulations. This property is the ideal claim for golf professionals as well as for those who like well-being and security as a lifestyle or as an excellent investment opportunity due to the high profitability and rapid return on capital that this unit has. Direct from the owner,. FOR INVESTORS: Why Buying a 1-Bedroom Apartment is the Best Form of Investment? Most relevant reasons: 1- Rental income: It offers a higher return on investment since the tax cost and the expense of this is minimal in relation to the onerous rental price that can be obtained, especially in this highly demanded and exclusive area. And if not, why are there no current offers of one-bedroom apartments available in this area? 2- Enough space for everything: The minimalist style is a trend as current as it is healthy in every way, fewer belongings are stored, there is less mess and cleaning is much easier, tenants are taking this into account when it comes to decide between less cost or more "useless" space.