Grandeur and Stunning Andalusian PRIVATE Country House Designed by Renowned Architect Cesar De Leyva 

It is a Beautiful Family Home, much loved in a sought after and secure Community Los Almendros, with even Further 799,33 Sqm Buildable Available to Develop Potential Growth Factor.

With its South West Facing Orientation, Micro Climate Garantees 320 days Glorious Sunshine Promoting outside Life Style Benahavis. 

Absolutely Stunning , Awesome Golf Course Views  Holds your Attention and makes an Impact.

The views are PROTECTED which means Safe Haven Investment on a clear Day you can  also see Gibralter, Africa and Sea views and surrounded by Mountains and Green Belt 

The Perfect Retreat for those Seeking a Peaceful and Private Escape, with established mature manicured gardens, charming court yard and fountain.

The villa`s entrance is marked by a welcoming Porch that leads to a double Height entrance hall with Fireplaces creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. Each room of the villa is Spacious and comfortable with high ceilings and abundant natural Light adding an extra touch of luxury and style .The villa is also equipped with Air-conditioning, Gas central Heating, and hot water is provided by Solar panels to ensure comfort throughout the year.

The Villa comprises of an upstairs Master bedroom and two additional bedroom en-suite, all offering plenty of space Privacy and Luxury .The main level of the Villa features a large Formal Drawing room and a second Den or Day sittingroom and Dinning Room perfect for Entertaining Guests and Family and an eating Kitchen that is fully equipped with modern Appliances.

In addition to the main Reception areas the villa also includes a cozy Guest room an Office or Libruary and plenty of storage space.The Garage for two cars compliments the huge driveway or court yard at the Entrance ample of parking .There is also a delightful staff or Guest House for visitors providing further space for Guests and Family members to enjoy.

The Mature and totally Private Gardens offers an idyllic Spot to Relax and Enjoy the Beautiful  Panoramic Mountains and Golf Views .With  High- End Features such as Marble Floors ,Precious Wood finishes and modern Appliances this Villa is a Perfect Choice for Luxury and Style Enthusiasts. Whether you are looking for a second Home a Holiday Retreat or a Full - Time Residence this Villa is the Epitome of Luxury Living.

The Property Situated in the Heart of Golf Valley 40 minutes drive from Malaga and Gibralter Airport and 10 minutes from Puerto Banus and Beach  Local and International Schools within Proximity 


ONE OFF A MUST SEE PROPERTY - JEWEL WITH SPECTACULAR OPEN GOLF VIEWS