UNIQUE FRONTLINE GOLF VILLA IN A PEACEFUL AREA 
This elegant Art Deco style villa is set on an elevated southeast-facing plot in the secure and quiet area of La Quinta, in the heart of a prestigious gated community El Herrojo, just minutes away from all amenities and the beach. Presented in excellent condition the property has a privileged frontline golf position surrounded by greenery and enjoying views over the mountains and golf course. 

SLEEK AND SPACIOUS INTERIORS
This sophisticated villa with a unique design is a true masterpiece. The 3 levels of this timeless luxury family home offer space and brightness. On the ground floor you will find a welcoming hall featuring a central staircase, a spacious living-dining room presenting a wood-burning fireplace and a double-height ceiling decorated with wooden details. Furthermore, there is a large semi-open plan kitchen fully fitted with high-end appliances, featuring white Silestone Dektone countertops, including a breakfast area and offering a functional layout. Two of the four double bedrooms combined with an en-suite are found on this floor. The master suite occupies the entire first floor and comprises of a generously sized double bedroom accessing two private terraces enjoying stunning views, an en-suite bathroom featuring a free-standing bath, a double vanity sink and a walk-in shower. The guest toilet is located on the mezzanine floor between the ground floor and the basement level. The basement level holds an open plan office, laundry room, well-sized storeroom and the fourth bedroom, which is currently used as a second lounge featuring an en-suite bathroom and has independent access. The garage within the basement fits two cars with an additional two parking spaces on the driveway. The property offers an expansive outdoors comprising of an extensive terrace with a chill-out area, a fully equipped exterior kitchen, BBQ, Gazebo, dining zones and a heated pool surrounded by a well-maintained Mediterranean garden.

AREA
Located in La Quinta, this beautiful villa featuring mountain and golf views is surrounded by gorgeous scenic countryside and hills, but it is just 5 minutes down the road to the beach. La Quinta Golf is considered one of the 5 golf courses in the 'Golf Valley', yet unlike the others, it belongs to the municipality of Benahavis. It is in the most elevated part of the Golf Valley, which enjoys spectacular views of the Mediterranean Sea and Africa.