Far more than just a property development in a sea of urbanisations, a master-planned community with a first-class infrastructure and set of support services designed to offer a superior quality of life. The apartments, garden and sky villas in the units are laid out in small, intimate blocks of 5-7 properties each and surrounded by gardens carefully landscaped to create a sense of peace and beauty around the homes. The development is in phases, and since this is the only master-plan development of its kind on the Costa del Sol, the infrastructural planning is excellent and the architectural styling complementary and harmonious.

The flowing design of the development makes full use of the natural shape and gradient of the land, allowing for a high degree of privacy that assures stunning views across the Costa del Sol coastline and the Mediterranean Sea – and makes your home the place where you can clear your mind and re-energise. The apartments and sky villas themselves as well as the overall master plan of this urbanisation have been masterfully designed by top New-York based architects Broadway Malyan – making this the only development on the Costa del Sol to be styled by such a prestigious international studio. 

The urbanisation is a residential development that stands out through the design, eco-friendly credentials and living environment it offers. Working from this philosophy, we contracted renowned Project Management firm Hill International, who will deliver state-of-the-art homes that take Costa del Sol properties to a whole new standard of quality. The apartments are open planned and spacious and have been designed to recreate the experience of living in a villa.

They have achieved this by our unconventional approach where we move the sleeping area to the mountainside of the property and thus allowing for a third more living space, which combined with the oversized terraces effectively doubles the living area. Beautifully crafted kitchens extend onto terraces with stunning views and runner tracks for our sliding glass doors are indented into floor level so that indoor and outdoor space flow seamlessly together.
