BEAUTIFUL, IMMACULATE AND CHARMING 5 BEDROOM DETACHED VILLA, RENOVATED THROUGHOUT TO A HIGH STANDARD, EQUIPPED WITH ALL MOD CONS YET MAINTAINING THE TRADITIONAL CHARM OF THE PROPERTY. SET WITHIN EXTENSIVE TERRACES COMMANDING SUPERB SOUTH WEST FACING VIEWS OVER THE ROLLING HILLS OF MIJAS TO THE MEDITERRANEAN COASTLINE. MESMERISING AND UNIQUE!

A peaceful location, with extensive sunny terraces surrounding a stunning private pool, with an array of colourful plants and many fruit trees. Charming, traditional property that offers complete modern day luxury, due to its size. Air conditioning & heating units throughout. Driveway with private parking. Perfect in every way with wonderful views.

White washed and with terracotta terraces, the Villa offers a fabulous fitted kitchen – light and airy with pristine white units, granite worktops, spot lights and top quality integrated white goods such as fridge freezer, oven, microwave, electric hob and dishwasher. Adjacent is the dining room - impressive enjoying superb double glazed sliding doors which walk out straight to the terraces and heated pool with a built in jacuzzi ! - idyllic. 

On this same floor, there are 2 double bedrooms with a family bathroom and the second is ensuite. All the rooms are amazingly spacious.
Plus a separate study and utility room included.

Upstairs via the sweeping staircase, the living room - beautifully large with plentry of seating, perfectly positioned to enjoy the elevated views with terraces on either side, the first looking over the pool & countryside and the second, to a terrace & roof top terrrace to allow all day long enjoyment of the wonderful Andalucían climate, al fresco dining with fabulous views to the coastline & surroundings

The Master bedroom is impressive, enjoying a walk-in wardrobe and ensuite bathroom with a separate bath and shower, a real wow, with a unique high vaulted ceiling - truly must be seen to be appreciated!

The main Villa also has a 2 bedroom guest apartment, easily linked or indepedent with it´s very own acccess. There are 2 bedrooms, a family bathroom - one of the bedrooms is amazing in size with space for more than 2 beds, inbuilt wardrobes and ensuite. 

The kitchen is fully fitted on this floor and open plan with the lounge, sliding doors out to a sunny terrace and the private gardens which surround the property.

The exterior is all privately lit with seating surrounding the Villa and apartment - to let you relax and unwind, both by day and night - enjoying fabulous views.

The property is securely gated for additional privacy. Recently renovated with immense care to detail to keep the original features and soul of the property, yet still offer all the fixtures and fittings to provide luxurious, cost effective modern living. This Villa offers a rare opportunity to purchase a property ready for immediate enjoyment and living. Fixtures can be included in sale as an optional extra for that extra hassle free factor.

Situated on a exclusive mature community enjoying bars & restaurants and other amenities within easy walking distance to the Villa. 

Touristic license and LPO in place

Mijas Pueblo or known locally as the white village sits in the foothills of the Mijas Mountains some 428m above sea level. The village provides some of the most stunning and breath-taking views of the surrounding areas down to the coast, inland and the rugged rocky landscape.
The village is not only very popular with tourists visiting for the day or vacationing in the village but with local residents from nearby towns and villages. The attraction of Mijas Pueblo is the authenticity the village provides of the Spanish way of life from the cobbled streets, white washed walls and array of artisan shops and boutiques to the many traditional festivals celebrated from the main plaza (square) sat centrally in the village.

