This is an extraordinary townhouse with open sea views and exclusive furnishings included.

Here is an opportunity to own one of the best townhouses in the new building project "The Island". This residence offers an exclusive total package: Situated directly on the beach, you enjoy an unobstructed sea view and a high degree of privacy as soon as you enter the house. Here you can enjoy life as part of an upscale community with 24-hour security, SPA with indoor pool, sauna and gym as well as an outdoor pool with an Olympic length of 50 metres. Moreover, the harbour and the charming old town of Estepona are only a sunny walk away.

Access to the house is either through the garage or via the main entrance on the ground floor. The entire house has been furnished to an extremely high standard. Every detail is just right - from the luxury kitchen and exquisite furnishings to the smart conversion of the basement into an additional living area.

The bright salon with gallery leads directly to the first terrace with sea view and beach access. The open-plan luxury kitchen with upmarket fittings and a guest WC are also located on this level. On the first floor are the four bedrooms and 3 modern bathrooms. The master bedroom in particular offers an impressive view of the sea as well as a bathroom en suite.

On the top floor there is a spacious roof top terrace with bar, seating areas and BBQ area. From here, you have a fantastic view of the sea, the port of Estepona, Gibraltar and the Atlas Mountains as well as the beautiful Sierra Bermeja on the north side of the house. Ideal to end the day in an atmospheric way.

The modern garage offers space for two vehicles, plenty of storage space and a charging station for electric cars. Also on this level is a large utility room with laundry room equipped with washing machine, dryer and Silestone countertops. In addition, another living room with seating and TV area and pool table has been created here. Ideal for guests or even the whole family, especially in the hot summer months.

The perfect location: close to the city and first line to the sea.

The location of The Island is ideal: close to Estepona town with all its amenities, events and services, yet far enough away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life and street noise. The picturesque harbour and the lively old town of Estepona are just a stroll away. Estepona is only 4 minutes away by car, and the renowned marina Puerto Banús and Marbella are about 15 minutes away. Malaga airport is about 50 minutes away via the AP7 or A7.