Beautiful totally refurbished (2018) Villa located in close proximity to Fuengirola and MIjas, but out of the hustle and bustle of the city! It is located in a cul de sac. The property is only a short drive away from multiple restaurants, bars and very close to the centre of Mijas and Fuengirola, wherefore less than 10 minutes to the beach and only 15 minutes away from Malaga Airport.
The property is located on a large plot of 1500 m2, with a spacious landscaped garden and a separate level with a vegetable garden full of fruit trees with automatic irrigation everywhere and beautiful mountain views from this side of the house. Also a Irrigated vertical herb garden can be found.
The house is built over 2 levels. The entrance is slightly elevated and brings you to a cosy entrance with a fully blinded entrance door. On the north side of the house there is a spacious drive way where you can park several cars (2 covered spaces) behind the electric gate. The main level has an open plan living area with a amazing fireplace leading onto an enormous terrace that leads direct to the pool and barbecue area with an absolute comfortable outdoor space (covered terrace)with sea and mountain views. The living area is very bright thanks to the big sliding doors, all covered with Electric awnings with storm protection.
On the main level there are 3 spacious bedrooms all with their en-suite bathrooms, build in cupboards, 1 guest toilet and a fully fitted and equipped kitchen all build to the highest standers.
From the terrace, stairs lead to the lower part of the house or through the northside of the house there is direct access to a complete self-contained apartment with an open plan lounge-kitchen and a complete bathroom and bedroom. Also, a spacious laundry room can be found on this level, where all the machinery from the house remain.
The property is functioning on a Low energy consumption at less than 50 % of national average.
All around and inside the house there is a very functional CCTV and Alarm system.
Underfloor heating throughout the whole house (except the apartment)
9 separate air-conditioning units.
Separate hobby or fitness room
Automatic shutters on all double-glazed high-quality windows and sliding doors. 
Latest in-home technology

