SOLD
Fully renovated and beautifully furnished sunny south facing one level garden apartment situated within the prestigious community of El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf Benahavis, offering exquisite tropical palm garden, golf waterfall and swimming pool views encapsulated by the surrounding El Paraiso Alta hills and mountains, conveniently accessed from Calle Chopo in El Parasio Alta an area of outstanding natural beauty and tranquility. 
The community of Cortes Del Golf Benahavis is consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf and residential choice designed within outstanding tropical gardens and offers direct access from the Cortes Del Golf community car park onto the famous El Paraiso Alta 18 hole golf course green. 

From the courtyard entrance hallway a new Balay appliance kitchen integrated to light beige laquered cabinets is designed with a convenient open hatch window facing the lounge and tropical palm gardens. The entire apartment is complimented with immaculate light cream polished marble flooring, elite specification German double glazed windows, integrated mosquito blinds and 2 fully renovated bathrooms designed in contemporary beige with contrasting wood effect vanity units.  Luxuriousy styled lounge and dining room offers access to an impressive dining and relaxation terrace with a designated sunbathing garden area facing the tropical garden and open views with a glimpse of the Sea.

The Master bedroom offers a private ensuite bathroom and double wardrobes.  A further double guest bedroom offers tropical palm views with adjoining spacious guest bathroom. 
A notable Andalucian design entrance courtyard with integrated utilites installed is situated from the property main entrace door. 

Direct access onto the El Paraiso Alta golf course green from the golf buggy and residents car park of the community with ample dedicated owner and guest parking bays. 
Immaculately maintained tropical palm residents gardens and impressive swimming pool with Golf waterfall feature designed within the characteristic floral Andalusian gardens and tiled pathways exquisitely decorating the community throughout. 

Excellent opportunity to acquire a fully renovated one level garden apartment with a dining terrace and semi enclosed picturesque garden in El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, Benahavis.

El Paraiso Golf Club House offers a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round.
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita, Villa Padierna Club Del Mar & Tennis Club, and to Bel Air Commercial Center offering essential services and an excellent choice of restaurants
A short drive to Estepona, Marbella, The Golden Mile and to Puerto Banus.
24 hour Area Roaming Security at the entrance to El Paraiso Alta Benahavis 
All furniture and Inventory of the property as seen in the photos is Included in the price