Introducing a stunning townhouse in Los Algarrobos – A newly renovated frontline golf, south facing three-bedroom luxury townhouse. 

Set in a delightful, well established, gated residential complex in the heart of Nueva Andalucia - this property has it all!

Striped back to basics and completely renovated and interior designed by one of Marbella's leading interior design studios, this lovely property offers something completely different to the market. Exceptional high-quality materials have been used throughout and the redistribution of the internal space has to been seen in order to be fully appreciated.

The ground floor has an open plan layout with a beautiful kitchen, complete with high end appliances, worktops and an amazing stone feature wall! The dining area seats 6 people and also has its own custom made "wine bodega".  The lounge is impeccably furnished and features a stone fireplace with a living flame fire, giving a real homely feeling to the area. The lounge is further complemented by opening out onto the lovely south facing terrace, complete with a dining table and chairs and from here you can also access the communal gardens.

Also on the ground floor are two fully furnished double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and a feature bathroom, with a built in stone shower and trendy sink and vanity unit. In this bathroom, behind mirrored doors is a hidden washing machine and dryer, utilising the space magnificently.

On the first floor we have the master bedroom with beautiful views over Aloha Golf course. The bedroom has a private terrace with sun loungers and the bedroom itself features mirrored fitted wardrobes, a dressing table and bed which are complimented with beautiful furniture and curtains. The en-suite bathroom has a feature stone wall with designer free standing bath, double sinks, suspended toilet and a walk-in shower, again with feature stonework.

On this level there is also a further large terrace, accessed from the landing, which is ideal for entertaining and enjoying alfresco dining at its best. The terrace features a dining table and 6 chairs and has feature outdoor lighting above. This terrace also features a BBQ unit with worktop and sink. 

The location of the property within the development is also ideal, being just a few steps away from the communal swimming pool. The development has a full-sized tennis court and paddle tennis court for the more energetic!

The community itself is gated and in an ideal location, front line to Aloha Golf Course and just 8 minutes stroll to the impressive Club House and also Aloha College. All the amenities that Nueva Andalucia has to offer are less than 15 minutes' walk away and it is only a few minutes' drive to several other championship golf courses, Puerto Banus and the beaches.

All in all a first-class property of which viewing is highly recommend.

