NEWLY REFURBISHED
This beautifully presented contemporary townhouse has been recently renovated with high-quality materials offering luxury finishes and incredible use of space. This south-facing property is located in one of the most prestigious areas of Marbella, The Golden Mile, in close proximity to Nueva Andalucía and Puerto Banus, next to the renowned Manolo Santana Racquets Club and just minutes away from amenities including shops, restaurants, top-rated international schools, famous golf courses, country clubs and a plethora of world-class services. This stunning townhouse offers modern living in a prime location ensuring privacy and safety.

SPACIOUS LIVING AREAS WITH MODERN INTERIORS
The property offers 3 stylishly furnished bedrooms and a space that promotes comfortable and happy living. Upon entering the townhouse, you will find an open plan fully fitted kitchen equipped with Gaggenau appliances and a generous island accessing a private patio. The kitchen leads to a spacious living/dining area featuring a fireplace and a wooden herringbone floor complimented with wooden paneling accents bringing elegance to this spacious and bright layout. A delightful feature is floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors accessing a large covered terrace with an outdoor chill-out area. On the same floor, you will find two en-suite bedrooms. One of which is a sophisticated master suite including a walk-in closet and a beautiful free-standing bathtub leading to the main terrace enjoying stunning views over the surroundings. The second bedroom is facing the patio. The third en-suite bedroom is located downstairs on the lower ground floor. Furthermore, this floor is dedicated to entertainment as it hosts a spacious pool table area with a bar, a home cinema, a gym and an inimitable wine cellar, that keeps a part of a natural mountain. Additionally, there is a laundry room and a guest toilet on the ground floor. Moreover, the property features an ample private garden with an outdoor shower, underfloor heating in the bathrooms, air conditioning, fitted wardrobes, barbeque and an alarm system.

EXCLUSIVE RESIDENTIAL AREA
This wonderful property is conveniently positioned within a charming Andalusian-style urbanization offering a large community pool, manicured gardens, own cafeteria and sports bar. The key attraction for tennis lovers will be the famous Manolo Santana Racquets Club which is located in front of the urbanization. In addition to this, it's close to some of the best amenities and services Marbella has to offer, including supermarkets, sports facilities, international schools, shops, and more. It is also within close proximity to an exclusive residential area of Nueva Andalucía that is often referred to as the &#039;Golf Valley&#039; because of the 5 Golf Courses here; Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha, Banus Executive Golf and La Quinta. Furthermore, many will be attracted by the shopping and nightlife of Puerto Banus which is located within a short drive offering an array of amenities, such as shops, restaurants, bars, exclusive entertainment and some of the area&#039;s finest beaches that are situated on both sides of the port. Both beaches have new promenades, one leads all the way to the town of San Pedro and the other all the way to Marbella. Here you can find a casino, a 7-screen cinema complex and an English-style department store called El Corte Ingles. A market is held every year throughout the summer in the Plaza de Antonio Banderas. The area has easy access to the highway, Marbella town, and is about 40 minutes away from Malaga´s International Airport.