Very well built house in the perfect location.

It is very special when we get this kind of property for sale .
This particular house is located on the road between Alora and El Chorro and has very good access .

When the gate opens and we drive onto the plot we immediately see that we have arrived at a special place.
A beautiful large Spanish house surrounded by large mature trees with old features placed between them.
There is also a playground for smaller children.
The large house has everything you expect from a Spanish house, it has lots of space spread all over the house.

Downstairs are 2 living rooms, 1 dining room, fully equipped kitchen, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
There is a patio where there are some storage rooms and a laundry room.

Upstairs at the gallery are 2 more large bedrooms and 1 bathroom.
And, oh yes, also a garage with many possibilities.

At the back of the house, we walk to the other gate on the street.
This is a 197 M2 plot that may still be built on.
Now it is in use as a covered BBQ, parking spaces and some large aviaries for the owner's hobby.

Walking further back on the plot, we come to a large castle-style barn, part of which has 2 floors.
This barn could easily be converted into more accommodation for family/friends or for rental purposes.
Attached to this barn is a flat plot of over 2000m2 set aside for the owner's special chickens and peacocks.

Walking to the side of this plot we enter a forest with a stream running through it and caves in the walls.
This forest is cultivated with different kinds of fruit trees for your own use.
This is a truly unique place where you can find all the tranquillity you need.

The only drawback is that there is no swimming pool but that may be built on the land which is urbane classified.

There is mains water for the house and irrigation water for the trees and plants and in case of emergency there is also a private well.

All the paperwork is in perfect order and everything is well registered .

This would be a fantastic property to turn into a luxury B&B with some not too big renovations.

You must have seen this with your own eyes !!!
