!!! ALL-IN-ONE !!!  Restaurant-Bar-Hotel-House 

A wonderful opportunity to take over an entire company. 

At about 40 minutes from Malaga and in the vicinity of the Caminito del Rey you find this business opportunity where you might be able to realize your Spanish dream.  
The Caminito del Rey is of course the number 1 tourist attraction of Andalusia. After the reopening in 2015, this beautiful hiking path and nature reserve attracts about 1000 visitors a day. Partly because of the planned expansions of this beautiful footpath, this will only become more. For this reason, starting a hotel / bar / restaurant in this area is of course a great investment. 

The complex consists of a spacious restaurant with about 120 seats, terrace with 40 seats, very spacious complete catering kitchen. Above the restaurant is a private living area with no less than 3 bedrooms, bathroom, a living room and spacious roof terrace. Next to this object are 6 small bungalows and a swimming pool of 5x10 meters. 

Bungalows
The six bungalows are placed in one line next to the swimming pool and have their own terrace which creates an idyllic atmosphere. The first bungalow is a bit larger and ideal for a small apartment. It has a living room, bedroom, bathroom and small kitchenette. The other five are the same and are perfect to rent out as studios. These are smaller in size and have a bathroom. The bungalows will have to be modernised a bit, but the basics are in place and with few resources they are suitable to be rented according to the wishes of our time. All bungalows have their own power supply.

Garden
When we walk past the bungalows we enter the garden. This plot of 848 m2 is fully fenced and is equipped with various fruit trees such as lemons, oranges and khaki. The flat terrain, which now also has a chicken coop, is perfect for the creation of your own vegetable garden, which is of course a welcome addition to the restaurant. 
Walking back we come along the pool, this spacious pool of 100m2 has a legally required lockable fence which of course increases safety. Besides the paved terrace with space for sunbeds, guests can also choose to use the lawn next to the pool. 

Restaurant
As we walk further we pass a large steel door that gives access to the storage room of the restaurant. This can also be reached through the kitchen. Then we come back to the front of the restaurant. The restaurant has 4 different areas for guests.  
- Terrace
- Bar
- Side restaurant
- Restaurant near the kitchen.

The terrace is spacious, with space for 10 tables. The shade cloths provide a nice seat under the warm Andalusian sun. There are also toilets. 
Upon entering we first arrive at the bar. This is very complete with espresso machine, coolers and sink with water connection. There are also 3 tables and in the corner is a cozy wood stove. 
Through the bar we have access to the 'side restaurant'. This area has many sliding windows which provides a beautiful view and lots of light. This part is also accessible from the outside with its own entrance. This part of the restaurant now has room for 12 tables. The two large air conditioners, which can provide both hot and cold air, ensure a pleasant temperature in both summer and winter. 
Walking to the other part of the restaurant it is immediately clear what makes this area so special. A gigantic window that gives you a view into the kitchen from the whole part of the restaurant. This 'open' kitchen is an attractive and progressive element to give the guests a glimpse into the kitchen. 
The spacious kitchen is equipped with all the equipment you expect in a catering kitchen. Workbenches, refrigerated display cabinets oven with gas burners and various baking trays. Separate from this kitchen is a sink kitchen and a large walk-in fridge and freezer. From this part you have access to the enclosed patio with lockable spacious garages/storage space.

Above the restaurant is a spacious house with private entrance accessible from the outside. At the moment it is rented but can be ideal as a living area for yourself. This room has no less than 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, living room and kitchen. But of course we should not forget the spacious roof terrace. 
We can say, everything you need to start a complete and good business with lots of potential!
