148 - Are you looking for a PARADISE and at the same time a BUSINESS? Then you have to visit this fabulous farm in the middle of nature and only 15 minutes from the town of Alora, the train station and all the amenities you need. Great access and a few minutes by car from Alora where you will find both buses and trains that take you to Malaga, its airport and the Costa del Sol. 
If you want to change your life but at the same time stay active, we have the solution! This farm is the dream of anyone who needs a radical change in their life! With an unbeatable location, surrounded by nature but at the same time with easy access. In excellent condition; Ready to go in and start with  your bookings!!  It is fully operational and has a consolidated clientele. It has been in operation since 2005 and with a good annual performance.  The owner would also  include the website/social media accounts and would be happy to advise/train on how to update and maintain the system!
Ideal place for rural tourism due to its proximity to EL  CHORRO ,  its natural and beautiful suroundings, as well as the famous CAMINITO DEL REY.

Now, I think we can now go on to describe this little earthly paradise!
From the road there is direct and in very good conditions access to the farm that welcomes us with a dream entrance! Plants everywhere, flowers, trees, landscapes and a feeling of absolute peace. On the plot of more than 4.500m2, we have all kinds of fruit trees: Oranges, Mandarins, Avocados, Papayas, Figs, Fidgi Apples, Pears, Bananas, Mangoes, Grapes, Guayavas, Pistachios and I am sure I forgot some fruit!! the quality of the   spoil  is unbeatable; hence a second source of income!
A very important issue is the  free water for  irrigation  x 24 hrs .plus there is an amberca 
Entering the finca  and straigh in front, we find the main house of rustic style and in very good condition; a terrace that leads us to the entrance of the house. Next and entering, we find a spacious but cozy hall, a bedroom that is used as an office, a spacious living room with a fireplace, a wonderful well-equipped kitchen that gives us access to a laundry room that in turn has access to the major pool area.  There is also a full  bathroom meant  for the use of the pool. 
Through some stairs, which gives more charm if possible, we access the upper part where we find the 3 bedrooms as well as a large family bathroom. It should be noted that although the house is rustic in style, the kitchen is modern, fully equipped, very functional and spacious; definitely THE PLACE for family  meetings.
In the eastern part of the house and with a totally independent and very charming access, we find the second CASITA or guest house. Has it own BBQ and pool area, its natural environment and, of course, its incomparable views. From the terrace you can see the mountains and one in particular very famous: EL MONTE HACHO! 
The casita is made up of two good-sized bedrooms, a full and properly equipped kitchen as well as a family bathroom and a spacious living room. What stands out about this HOUSE is its L shape, so that each room has a view to  the garden and pool area. Everything was very well conceived and every dtail was taken care of!  In a word, everything was built with extreme care and above all with PASSION!
The  CASITA, THE  rental accommodation will come fully furnished, but the main house doesn't.  The main home furniture as well as  Gardening equipement are not included on the price but this  could be negotiated if the cliente want to. 
There are  also  solar panels which is a very important asset due to the high price of the electricity specially when running a B&B business. 
Please call us, we will be more than happy to show it to you!