Beautiful refurbished and bright 2nd floor apartment with nice green and partial sea views is now for sale in Riviera del Sol, Mijas Costa, Málaga 3 minutes drive from the beach.

This property has been recently refurbished and it has minimalistic, bright and fresh feeling with open views to the greenery and some parcial sea views in the distance, nothing can be built in front so it will always has these views. The terrace is south facing, totally refurbished with new tiles, new wooden pilars and just painted and has a beige modern electric awning, round table and 4 chairs and several banana plants. The terrace is all day sunny and it can be used all year round.

Master bedroom is south facing, and it has direct access to the terrace, integrated wardrobe and on the sliding doors that lead to the terrace there are blinds. There is an ensuite bathroom in the master bedroom, that has a bathtub, new glass partition with black details and other black details such as shower, door knob, faucet, electrical outlet, towel hanger etc.

The second bedroom is exterior (there is a window), with integrated closet, 2 single beds and there is the 2nd bathroom just next to it, in the hallway, with a walk-in shower. The open plan kitchen is fully equipped and has a new fridge, new microwave, new dishwasher and new washing and drying machine (in the laundry room). There is a laundry room behind the kitchen. The living room is quite spacious, with a sofa bed (3 seater) that converts into a very comfortable bed. The living room receives a lot of light and has direct access to the south facing terrace.

There is centralized hot and cold air conditioner throughout the property. The property comes with a private parking place in the underground garage (close to the elevator) and a private storage room, both included in the price. The property is being sold partially furnished with fully equipped kitchen and the full inventory list is provided upon the viewing. There is an elevator in the community to reach the apartment on the 2nd floor. It is a gated community with 2 swimming pools and paddel court. There are communal gardens in the community and cameras. In front of the urbanisation there is a bus stop. The apartment is located 15 mins from Marbella center, 15 mins from Fuengirola, 5 mins from La Cala de Mijas and 30 min to the airport of Malaga. This property has first ocupation licence so it can be legally rented as short term (vacational) rental. The whole property has been painted (inside and the terrace) in February 2023. The price is not negotiable.