PRIVATE PURCHASE CONTRACT / ARRAS 
Sunny south facing one level ground floor garden apartment situated within the prestigious community of El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, offering exquisite tropical palm garden, sea and swimming pool views encapsulated by the surrounding El Paraiso Alta hills and mountains, conveniently accessed from Calle Chopo in El Parasio Alta an area of outstanding natural beauty and tranquility. 
The community of Cortes Del Golf Benahavis is consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf and residential choice designed within outstanding tropical gardens and offers direct access from the Cortes Del Golf community onto the famous El Paraiso Alta 18 hole golf course green. 

From the Andalucian courtyard entrance hallway a fully equipped light oak kitchen with granite surfaces.
Classicly furnished open plan lounge & dining area offers access to an impressive spacious dining and relaxation terrace offering sea views on front of the beautiful gardens and swimming pool with tall tropical palms and multi coloured bourganvilla. 
Classicly furnished master bedroom offers an immaculate white Venitian porcelian en-suite bathroom.  
A further double guest bedroom with 2 single beds offers tropical palm views with an adjoining spacious guest bathroom with a bathtub. 
The property has been upgraded with high specification double glazed Teak effect alminimum windows, wall mounted storage heating, various modern coordinating furniture to the lounge and terrace dining suite along with the exquisite fully renovated ensuite bathroom.
Direct access onto the El Paraiso Alta golf course green from the golf buggy and residents car park of the community with ample dedicated owner and guest parking bays. 
Immaculately maintained tropical palm residents gardens and impressive swimming pool with Golf waterfall feature designed within the characteristic floral Andalusian gardens and tiled pathways exquisitely decorating the community throughout. 

Excellent opportunity to acquire a one level ground floor apartment with a fablous dining terrace and ample usable picturesque garden for relaxation on front of the property terrace situated in El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, Benahavis.

El Paraiso Golf Club House offers a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round.
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita, Villa Padierna Club Del Mar & Tennis Club, and to Bel Air Commercial Center offering essential services and an excellent choice of restaurants
A short drive to Estepona, Marbella, The Golden Mile and to Puerto Banus.
24 hour Area Roaming Security within El Paraiso Alta Benahavis 
All Furniture is Included in the price
