Villa overlooking a lighthouse? We usually present beautiful homes with views of the Mediterranean Sea, but how often is there the possibility of acquiring a modern villa with views of the sea and a lighthouse?
This beautiful villa, modern in style, built with very good qualities, is located in the exclusive golf area of La Alcaidesa. A quiet and safe area a few minutes drive from Sotogrande and its shopping centers and less than 10 minutes drive from Gibraltar.
This independent villa belongs to a residential complex with well-kept mature gardens, a large swimming pool and a children's play area such as a soccer field.
On the comfortable plot of 500m2 there is built a beautiful modern villa of 300m2. At the entrance the house has a parking area for several cars that gives access to all areas of the house.
Through the main door of the villa, you access the beautiful living-dining room with a fireplace, this room has many windows which makes the room a bright space open to the outside. Through large windows you can access one of the terraces of the house, this area is covered and can be used most of the year. From here you can appreciate the beautiful views of the lighthouse of La Alcaidesa and the sea.
On the same floor as the living room there is a fully equipped kitchen furnished with high quality appliances and there is also a guest toilet.
Through a corridor with high ceilings and half a floor high is the master bedroom. A spacious space with a large and comfortable bed, it has a dressing room and an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower. The bedroom has access to a balcony with beautiful views of the sea and the lighthouse.
The ground floor and through some stairs you go down to a floor with 3 large double bedrooms that share a full bathroom, this area also has exterior windows and also one of the bedrooms communicates with the private garden.
It is a unique home, not only for the views but also for the spaces it offers, since the home has a private cinema with soundproofing where you can see the premieres of your favorite movies with family or friends.
It also has a winter terrace with a play area, a large fireplace, and a hidden space only for those closest to you, such as the private cellar of the house.
Outside, the house has a barbecue area, a chill out area, a useful removable pool for the hottest days of the year and plenty of space to rest and enjoy.
The house is completely dogmatized, it has several fireplaces, a security system, slate floors outside, natural wood floors throughout the house, high-quality double-glazed windows, and many other improvements.

Still can't imagine this magnificent villa? We invite you to watch the video tour of the house for a better impression and how not to visit in person a villa that you will fall in love with just by opening the doors.