Recent reduction from 1.600.000€ to 1.450.000€!!

Beautiful recently renovated Finca with panoramic views of the sea, mountains and countryside with a guest house located on the top of a beautiful hill with excellent paved access and very close to Mijas Pueblo and Fuengirola.

The main house is distributed over 2 floors as follows:
Ground floor: large living room with fireplace and access to a beautiful porch with a dining table with panoramic sea views. The kitchen is spacious, bright, modern and fully equipped with a dining area with direct access to the outside. Bedroom with built-in wardrobe and with access to the side porch. Family bathroom.
The upper floor is made up of 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. The spacious master bedroom with bathroom en suite (shower and bathtub) and 2 other double bedrooms, one of which has access to a beautiful sunny terrace with panoramic views.

The guest house is very charming, it has access at the top where there is a large porch with a dining table for 8 people, a seating area and panoramic views of the sea. On the ground floor there is a living-dining room (this can easily be converted into bedroom number 7) with an integrated equipped kitchen and access to the porch with panoramic views. The bedroom is spacious with a built-in wardrobe and the bathroom has a beautiful shower tray. There is a beautiful private garden with complete independence from the main house.

The access to the Finca is very elegant with an automatic gate and a long-paved road and very well-lit at night to reach the large parking lot for several vehicles where there is a carport for 4 cars located next to the house.

The pool is surrounded by sunny terraces with 100% privacy and tranquility from where you can admire the beauty of the Mediterranean Sea.
The land is fully fenced where there are fruits such as orange, lemon, avocado, and mango with an automatic irrigation system and plenty of water as it has water from the town and also 2 own water wells. The property is connected to the sanitation of Mijas.

There are also other small buildings such as a storage room and a toilet located very close to the 2 houses and then further down the plot, we find a large room and a large workshop, both ideal for storage.

The property is in perfect condition with fitted wardrobes, double glazed windows, shutters, air conditioning (hot and cold) in all bedrooms plus in the living room, there is also pre-installation for radiator heating.

IBI 1.498,86€ per year. Rubbish 149,85€ per year. Community 1.457,36€ per year.
Year of construction 2004 (renovated in 2023).

Distances:
Bus stop 500 meters.
Mijas Town 3km.
Port of Fuengirola 5.8km.
Malaga airport 25km.