Just 10 minutes from Alora, via a paved and easily accessible road, we offer these two beautiful villas:

Set on 33,527m2 of land, these 2 villas both have their own driveway. Both villas have their own privacy, pool, terraces and entrance. The land around the houses can be used for several purposes such as horses, tiny houses or planting fruit trees, as it is slightly sloping. 

The largest villa has a paved driveway to the house,
Through a beautiful entrance, we enter the villa. The luxurious house has an area of 190m2. 
This T-shaped entrance gives access to a spacious library, a separate, bright living room with fireplace. From the living room there is access through French doors to the covered terrace at the front of the house with great views over the rolling hills. From the entrance hall, we enter the large solid kitchen with granite worktops. This kitchen also has a dining area with a high ceiling with solid wood finishing!
 The main villa has three double bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite bathroom. A second bathroom is also available and is shared by the other two bedrooms. All bedrooms have beautiful spacious built-in wardrobes with wooden doors.
At the rear of the property is a patio with BBQ area and, of course, a lovely swimming pool cannot be missed. The property has several beautiful details. In particular, we would like to mention the solid wooden high ceilings in the house that create a luxurious and attractive atmosphere.
Air conditioning in the living room, lounge and master bedroom are available for a comfortable climate in summer and winter.

The second villa is located next to the main house. There is a footpath between the two houses but both have their own privacy!
As you enter this villa, the high ceiling, finished in wood, immediately catches your eye. There is a lot of light and space in this house! The living room has open swinging doors to the second pool and the cosy wood-burning stove in the living room brings a lot of atmosphere. . This home has the character of a large farmhouse with a solid wood kitchen with granite worktops. 
There are 4 bedrooms in this property. Two bedrooms have private bathrooms. A third bathroom is available and is shared with the other two bedrooms.  
This villa, like the others, is of good solid quality and fully equipped. Total area of the second villa is 165m2.

Water supply is via community water from the Sierra de las Aquas. There are two large deposits for this purpose to store the water offered. High-speed internet is available. Electricity is connected to the general facilities.

This property is ideal hear creating a B&B with lots of privacy for the owner. Also ideal for 2 large families who want to live together and still have their privacy. 
They have excellent access directly from a new tarmac country road. The current owners have lived here to their full satisfaction for over 20 years. At the time, they had the villas built by themselves by an English contractor. The reason for the sale is the age of the owners.

Be surprised by the beautiful location of these properties and the ample possibilities this property offers!