A totally renovated south facing villa with new flooring, windows, and electrics in 2023.  This beach side villa is only 300 metres from the beach with easy access to both the beach and a short walking distance to El Chaparral golf course and only a 15-minute walk or a 2-minute drive to La Cala de Mijas bars restaurants and shops.  It is a single level villa set in a totally fenced and secure plot and is part of a communal urbanisation with large communal pool and sunbathing area plus it has its own private pool .  There are electric gates to a covered carport with parking for 2 cars and a separate pedestrian gate off the street with a video camera entry system.  In the house there is a large open plan living/dining room with a modern German designed kitchen with AEG and Neff appliances and a large American style integrated fridge/freezer.  open plan kitchen and dining area.  There is direct access to the terrace as well. There is a master bedroom with ensuite bathroom also with direct access onto the terrace. A second double bedroom with an ensuite shower room and a third bedroom and family bathroom.  All the rooms have air conditioning and also electric blinds on the windows.  Outside on the terrace there is a covered pergola/barbecue area with plumbing and pre installation plumbing and wiring for an outdoor kitchen. There is a further sun terrace with landscaped borders and a private pool is current in the works.  The house also has solar panels for the heating and electricity.  The developers have spared no expense in this renovation and you have a lovely property which would be great for holiday rentals, a holiday home or a family residential villa. 
Detached Villa, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 110 m², Terrace 200 m², Garden/Plot 420 m².

Setting : Suburban, Close To Shops.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Restaurant On Site.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone.
Parking : Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Solar water heating.
Category : Resale.
