Location! Location! Location!

We are honoured to have been invited to offer for sale this unique, very charming ecological Andalucian country estate.
Located, with excellent access along a well maintained country track , just 6km from the Andalucian pueblo of Ardales and less than 10kms from the Malaga lake district and less than 1 hours drive from Málaga international airport, this property has been owned and cherished by the same family for , at least, 4 generations.
Set within 181,300m2 ( 45 acres) of organic almond and olive groves, the cortijo style house and outbuildings have been very well maintained by the current owners , retaining lots of charming, traditional features but also offering comfortable, 21st century living.

The main house, cottages and outbuildings extend to 608m2 in total and are set around 3 sides of an expansive Andalucian patio or courtyard.
The main farmhouse extends to 266 m2 with accommodation distributed all on one level, offering 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms , a very attractive Andalucian style kitchen , separate "walk -in " pantry, and spacious lounge/ dining room which hosts a very efficient wood burning stove and enjoys access directly out onto a fabulous 150m2 private terrace , ideal for " al fresco" dining and offering amazing, open views across the Andalucian countryside.
In addition to the main house, there are various cottages and outbuildings situated around the central courtyard including a cottage which is currently used as an artist's studio but could equally be converted to provide a studio apartment, and various other outbuildings which are ripe for refurbishment to provide several units of guest accommodation.

There is also a very large 69 m2 garage /workshop, enjoying a high ceiling, which would be ideal for exploitation as a communal recreation area for house guests.
There is also a swimming pool accessed from the central courtyard.

The estate extends over a wide expanse of Andalucian countryside but there is an area of approx 3,000m2 immediately around the house and outbuildings which hosts an established garden area planted out with a various trees and shrubs and there is also a very impressive kitchen garden offering a great variety of fruit trees, vegetables and herbs.
The property enjoys lots of lovely outdoor entertaining areas including several private patios and a very attractive " era" stone threshing circle.
The property is currently enjoyed as a private home but the expanse of relatively flat land the extensive buildings, totally 608 m2 ,could offer  great potential for a new owner to develop the property for rural tourism, equestrian pursuits or , perhaps,  as it enjoys excellent access and lots of parking space, as a celebration venue.
The now famous " Caminito del Rey" which has been developed in recent years and is proving to be a major tourist attraction , bringing many visitors to the area and demand for accommodation , is only a short drive from the property.

In fact, the location of the property is such that it offers an excellent base for guests wishing to visit any of the main cities of Andalucia . Seville, Cordoba and Granada are all within less than 2 hours drive making it an ideal tranquil base to return to following a day trip to any of those vibrant cities.
The property is currently self sufficient in terms of energy with the installation of an efficient solar power system and a private well which provides a copious water supply.
Only the internet connection is provided by an outside supplier.
This property really does offer the opportunity to acquire a character property with lots of potential to live the Andalucian dream!
 
