This well-located family home is located in a quiet area on the outskirts of the centre of Alora. The authentic Spanish centre of Álora, just 30 minutes from Malaga, the international airport and the Mediterranean beaches. It is a nice quiet residential area, little traffic and the residential area has a park with playing facilities for children and excellent access.  
This lovely terraced house has an area of 260 m2, on a plot of 155 m2.
At street level, there is a spacious entrance hall with a staircase leading to the first floor. This floor comprises 3 double bedrooms and 3 bathrooms with a spacious family bathroom. On the ground floor, there is a large garage and several large storage rooms. It is a very stylish property together with a commercial space .The commercial space extends to 164 m2 and has access via automatic garage doors and is currently divided into two large rooms and a storage room and a shower room.
The house has a private entrance.
A spacious living and dining room lead to a terrace with city and mountain views. The large, well-equipped kitchen, features a perfect quality granite worktop, electric hob and dishwasher. The kitchen opens onto the private patio, which also houses a spacious laundry room.
On the second floor is the outdoor kitchen/barbecue, surrounded by plants and an outdoor toilet. On this floor, there is a second kitchen and living room. 
Another beautifully tiled staircase leads to an upper floor, which has a very attractive BBQ,
and access to a very private sun terrace.
The house has several beautiful views of the mountains and countryside around Alora.

This property has been modernised and finished to a very high standard including PVC double glazed windows throughout, air conditioning hot and cold in the kitchen/dining room, living room and one of the bedrooms.
Hot water to the main house is by solar panels.
The commercial unit has a separate 3-phase power supply.

This property offers many opportunities for the new owner to buy a quality home and take advantage of the commercial unit for business purposes.


Looking for a spacious village home with plenty of space and comfort? 
Contact us for a viewing!
