Newly renovated terraced house on one level, four bedrooms 300m from the beach in San Pedro Alcántara, Marbella

This completely newly renovated, modern, bright terraced house on one level is furnished, ready to move into and can be used as a permanent residence or holiday home. The entire property has AC installed and the accommodation is of a very high standard. A modern renovation of the property has been ongoing for 6 months and the completion is among the best in the area in exterior and interior. The property offers wonderful private outdoor spaces, four bedrooms, modern open plan kitchen solution to the living room, designed sliding door to washing machine and dryer, wonderful light throughout, nice arrangement of surfaces and the communal pool just outside the entrence.

In the popular beach side area of San Pedro Alcántara outside Marbella you have access to everything such as mile long promenade, restaurants, bars, schools, grocery stores and shops. The area is alive all year round and here tourists mix with the native Spanish population in a natural way. This pleasant and private urbanization consisting of 12 townhouses offers its own little oasis with pleasant grass areas, private patios and two swimming pools. The urbanization is only 300m from the beach and towards the village of San Pedro it is only a short walk to reach many restaurants, bars, shops, shops, schools, a church and various activities.

The patio is protected by a typical Spanish white low walls that demarcates the common areas and the pool. At the entrance, the property has its own large patio that winds around the property and well protected. You are welcomed directly in the entrance by the common areas with the open kitchen, the living room. From the living room you can reach the master bedroom with its own glass-enclosed bathroom with shower, commode, toilet and on the other side there is a private terrace in the room. Accessed from the corridor after the kitchen-area you find a large bathroom with bathtub and toilet. Opposite the bathroom is another large bedroom with fitted wardrobes and this room adjoins the property's rear patio. Next to the shared bathroom you will find another bedroom and next to this a smaller bedroom with a bunk bed. In the corner bordering the corridor, you come out to the back of the house's wonderful classic Spanish patio, which feels like its own little courtyard. Here there is a large space that runs at an angle around the house with a large table with chairs and a small lemon tree of its own. 

The property has great rental potential and can be rented out immediately if desired. We guarantee a return in the form of rental between 8-12% annually of your total investment depending on the period of rental. The home is completely ready to move into and with four bedrooms it also suits the larger family. Acquire a property that is maintenance-free, carefully renovated and increases in value annually.
