Los Arrayanes Golf is a modern contemporary development of 78 dwellings, surrounding the soon to be built 18-hole Puente Romano Golf course, situated south of the Los Arqueros Golf 18-hole course. The properties have a south or west facing aspect and each enjoy spectacular views over the golf course and the Mediterranean Sea. 

Los Arrayanes Golf boasts a large swimming pool with fountains and cascades surrounded by an extensive solarium and manicured garden area designed by a landscape architect. In addition, Los Arrayanes Golf features a dedicated wellness area with dressing-rooms, showers and a spectacular indoor swimming pool. 

Each of the two and three-bedroom properties has extensive terraces and wide, large windows to benefit from privileged sunny views. The apartments and penthouses have been built to a high specification with cream marble floors, Siemens fitted kitchens featuring Silestone worktops, Domotec system for all electricals, electric integrated window blinds and hot and cold A/C. Los Arrayanes Golf also benefits from underground parking and lift access.

Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club
Located just minutes from Marbella, the world famous Puerto Banus and the traditional Spanish town of San Pedro de Alcantara and set amongst the foothills of Sierra de Ronda, Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club offers a combination of spectacular surrounding scenery, open spaces and exceptional views over the Mediterranean sea. 

Los Arqueros is more than an urbanization, made up of a collection of individual "villages" each with their own unique style. Apartments, town houses, villas are spread around the sleek green fairways of the Sevi Ballesteros-designed 18-hole course. High quality prevails in each of the Taylor Wimpey-built properties. High-spec kitchens, sizeable terraces, gardens and pools are just some of the benefits within each. Whatever your taste or requirement, your needs will be met with attention to detail afforded at every opportunity. 

Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, as its name suggests, provides more than a challenging course with stunning surrounds. Other great facilities, such as the tennis, paddle & squash courts, gym, driving range, Pro shop, 2 restaurants, bar and Sport bar with ten-pin all on site.