Pizarra is in the Guadalhorce valley not far from Málaga. The town itself has a modern appearance and offers many cultural and sporting activities. All shopping facilities, schools, restaurants and tapa bars are available. Pizarra has a good train connection to Malaga and is therefore very popular with commuters. In half an hour you can reach the city centre with all its facets and the beach is only a few streets away. The international airport of Málaga is also easily accessible by train or car in only 30 minutes. Conveniently located, you only need 5 minutes to get to Pizarra. The last stretch to the finca is by a 500 m path. The property is situated on a hill with views of Pizarra, Alhaurin el Grande and Alhaurin el Torre, surrounded by wide open spaces and hills. Due to the size of the land, you are far enough away from the neighbors and yet not isolated. The farmhouse was built in a good quality Mediterranean style and recently modernized. The outside facilities are tailored to family gatherings and invite festivities. In the pool area there is a fully functional bar. A cabana invites you to relax and the pool itself has an oversize of 11x5 meters. The entrance of the residence is reached via a spacious terrace with vaulted ceiling and round arches. From here you discover the large living room with high ceiling and wooden beams, to the right opens the spacious farmhouse style kitchen with modern touches. Just next to it is a fully equipped working kitchen. At the end of the living room with its open fireplace, an ensuite bedroom opens with a floor-level modern shower. The bedroom is currently used as a home office. The kitchen leads to the upper floor. The current owners have their rooms on the right side, consisting of a dressing room (can be used as a bedroom), bedroom and bathroom. The bathroom is equipped with all modern comforts, from a designer bathtub to an oversized shower with a floor-level platform and rain shower. For the walls a natural stone - slate - was chosen. To the left of the staircase are two further bedrooms and a bathroom. Both bedrooms share a large terrace, equipped with a massive pergola with views over the valley and the mountains as well as the pool facilities. Technical details: Three single-split air conditioning units have been installed on the ground floor, which cool and heat in equal measure. The large rectangular windows have built-in blinds and mosquito nets. A water treatment plant is in the rear building. Hot water is provided by an instantaneous gas water heater. A pump house with a standing height is located below the pool.

A new pump system with glass filter and new connections was part of the pool renovation two years ago. Ample space for your fleet of vehicles is located to the side of the main building with a carport for five vehicles. The rear building itself is used as a workshop. The roof has been renovated with sandwich panels as well as rain catchment gutters installed around the house. There is potential for conversion to a separate apartment. Furthermore, there is a separate driveway in this part of the complex. A water tank holds water for about 40,000 liters for the house with city water, another tank for 10,000 liters of irrigation water. A bit below the pool area there is a building for animal husbandry. There is further potential to build a small studio. Below the property is the cultivated part of the plantation. With about 400 lemon trees, you can produce an average of 10-12,000 kg per year. In addition, you will find some fruit trees. 
Note: There is a low tension mast from the railway company, situated at the backside of the property. The mast and power lines are not intersecting with the house or pool, nor do they transport electricity constantly, ensuring minimal electromagnetic presence.