An extremely well-presented villa located on a quiet Urbanisation, offering very good access to the towns of Coín, Alhaurín el Grande and Malaga City. 

Set on a plot of 608m2, with several seating areas, far reaching views, low maintenance garden with pool, and outbuilding for use as an outdoor kitchen, a great space for entertaining family and friends. 

The property sits dominantly in it´s surroundings, 339m2 built set over three floors. A traditional Andalusian door welcomes you into the property. From the entrance hall you have access to a fully fitted kitchen with enough space for a breakfast table. To the left you have a separate utility room. A sliding door leads through to a large living area with direct access onto the terrace boasting some of the best views in the area. A large feature log burner sits proudly as the central focal piece for this room. Returning to the entrance hall; from here you have access to bedroom number five which is currently used as a second living room, and also the family shower room. Upstairs you will find four bedrooms, another family shower room with the master suite boasting a large bathroom, walk in closet and private terrace with far reaching views towards Sierra de Las Nieves and El Chorro. From the main entrance, another flight of stairs leads down to the garage level with scope for further development. Large windows flood this space with light making it ideal for conversion into a guest apartment without impeding too much on your garage area. Also, on this floor you have another shower room and large storeroom currently used as a laundry room. 

Outside the property you have off street parking, and a large pool area. To the right you will find an unfinished structure which would be perfect for housing an outdoor kitchen. 

Other features include integrated dual zone hot cold air conditioning, access to the community well, and solar hot water heating. 

Viewings highly recommended.


ABOUT COIN 

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards. 

Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C. 

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda. 

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'? 

Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos 

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.