The finca Fuente de la Seda is a magnificent place, ideal for those seeking to fulfill their dream of living in southern Europe under the Mediterranean sun. It has lush gardens with beautiful trees such as a magnificent cedar of Lebanon, a ginkgo and the great old ficus among others. And various fruit trees: figs, orange trees, pomegranates, lemons, banana trees, an olive tree and vines, of course. There is space for a small vegetable garden. And it has a an irregular and original lake-style swimming pool, over 53 m2 in size. An idyllic refuge in summertime!

There is a nice big terrace with enough room to entertain family and friends and enjoy life! And all this while being close to all services, just a short walk from the historic center of Mijas Pueblo. The proximity to the emblematic town of Mijas provides great comfort and plenty of advantages. It also enjoys a maximum of privacy, intimacy, the perfect place to relax and spend the Andalusian summer with its high temperatures. It is the ideal home for those discerning clients who are not only looking to purchase a property in Andalusia, but who want to live the authentic Andalusian experience to the full. It is not just a house that is for sale, but a lifestyle.

Entrance gates. The plot is properly fenced and with a wall bordering the public road; a very secure plot.

The property comprises of several buildings and has been preserved respecting the elements of 100 years ago; and at the same time several rooms have been added and the property adapted to modern needs such as solid wrought iron grills, swing windows and additional bathrooms. Very traditional in its style and distribution, it still retains all of its pure and simple charm of yesteryear. All built on a plot of 2198 m² where beautiful glimpse of the sea are enjoyed from various corners.

Finca Fuente de la Seda consists of a main house with a 17 m² covered porch. This property has an area of 172 m², including the stairs and a laundry room. It is distributed on one floor and consists of two bedrooms and living rooms + 2 bathrooms. There is a small library-type office of 11 m². A living/dining room with a stone fireplace and rustic style flooring and an authentic reed and beamed ceiling. And the quaint fitted kitchen measuring about 19m² has all the traditional fittings. This building from the 60's consists of a large roof terrace, which measures more than 70 m² where you can enjoy hours of sunshine in winter with its lovely sea views.

The second house "La Casita Conny" is located in the lower part of the garden and measures approximately 60 m². It consists of a bright living room, dining room and a 15 m² bedroom. The kitchen has a rustic stone fireplace and a dining table. There is a 9 m² bedroom with a small bathroom + 1 outdoor bathroom with shower within reach of another small building, the 17 m² independent studio. A storage room next to the terrace houses garden furniture during the winter. Then there is a large patio and rest area where there is a Jacaranda tree providing shade.

"Casita Pin-Pon" is the independent studio-apartment with high ceilings and room where you can put a small kitchenette. It has access to the outside shower. In the central area of the plot there are also two warehouses used to store firewood and gardening tools, plus another for outdoor furniture; with a total of 18 m². There is a covered reservior or cistern with its own spring – Fuente Mimbrón (which is insured in the property registry) – with its own motor and pump used solely for irrigation and pool filling.

The property has a south orientation.

This beautiful and simple Fuente de la Seda finca with its rustic character is not part of an urbanization, yet preserving the charm of Andalusian country houses with its oldest building dating from 1920. In the following decades it has undergone several extensions. Located in an unbeatable location on the edge of Mijas Pueblo, nestled below the historic center, only a 10-minute walk away, along a public road in good condition.

Alternatively, the property could also be ideal for B&B or a Casa Rural. A great rental investment!

BUILT AREA: 201 m2
PLOT SIZE: 2198 m2

PRICE: 855.000 €

Only 2 min drive from the town center.
Just 10 minutes from the highway connection and the coast
Only 20 minutes from several golf courses and international schools
And less than 30 minutes from Malaga airport.


*IBI/municipal tax:     1,995 €/year
*Garbage tax:              143 €/year
*Garden+pool maintenance: 650 €/month
*Community expenses:         none
