Incredibly luxurious, spacious, new modern villa in the heart of Torremuelle, Benalmadena Costa located 150m from the sea, with magnificent sea views and of the beautiful surrounding mountains. This amazing project is bright, designed in a contemporary style with fine, clean lines and large windows. It will have a smooth white exterior finish, which combines modernity, energy efficiency, and inside acoustic comfort. Construction will be completed in June-August, 2023. You still have time to customize this villa to your requirements.

The villa is distributed over 2 floors with 4 bedrooms and each one with an en-suite bathroom. The master bedroom includes a dressing room and a fabulous terrace that wraps around the house on the south and east sides, for plenty of sunshine throughout the day. 

At the top level, there is a spacious living room with a fantastic fireplace. Both the living room and the bathrooms enjoy the latest technology in underfloor heating. The villa also has central air conditioning with individual zone controls. The fully equipped kitchen has an island with a nearby dining room that also leads to a wonderful terrace with wooden beams stretching out over a charming porch and equipped with a fantastic barbecue area. On this level we also find a wonderful swimming pool where you can enjoy a relaxing swim, with stunning views of the Mediterranean. 

The grounds will be filled with subtropical mature plants which will infuse the space with a sense of serenity, perfect for relaxation. 

The villa has an elevator starting at the basement, with its incredible wine cellar, and goes up to the next two levels. At the top of the villa we have a solarium with incredible sea views.
Solar panels are included and will make the house incredibly energy efficient.

On the 845m² plot, there is an ample private garage for your primary vehicle, and on the same basement level we find space for three more vehicles, a total of 4 vehicles.

The dimensions of this fabulous home are as follows:

Ground Floor 87m².
Top Floor 121m².
Terraces 85m².

The fashionable Puerto Marina is a short distance away, and it is one of the local main areas of attraction in Benalmádena, where you can find many restaurants, bars and clubs.

This corner of the coast of Malaga has become one of the most sought after areas for combining an idyllic natural environment, one of the highest concentration of golf courses in the world, it enjoys beautiful beaches and the proximity to key points such as the Málaga international airport, some white villages and the city of Malaga."

The Costa del Sol is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world with a fantastic climate attracting people year after year.
