We are pleased to offer this fantastic key ready fully furnished large 3 bedroom ground floor apartment located in the La Hacienda Urbanisation in Mijas Golf. 

The urbanisation boasts 2 pools, 2 extra children's pools, 2 paddle tennis courts, two play areas and beautifully maintained tropical gardens. 

The property benefits from beautiful marble floors throughout, a great size fully fitted kitchen with all quality appliances with views of the gardens and pool.. a separate utility room for storage, washing machine and tumble dryer.. a large open plan lounge dining room benefiting from air conditioning/heat with access to the most incredible large terrace with an option to enclose for the winter months.. with views of the most beautiful mature garden with a lawn area, extra terrace perfect for sunbathing with a jacuzzi area and a shed for extra storage. The large open plan lounge dining and garden terrace really is incredible for entertaining equipped with electricity and beautiful lighting. 

The master bedroom is a great size with Inter grated wardrobes, air conditioning and en suite including a bath/shower, WC & sink with marble throughout, patio doors to the beautiful garden. 

Bedroom 2 also with inter grated wardrobes and garden views currently used as an office with Air Conditioning. 

Bedroom three is currently a twin room also benefiting from garden views. Air Conditioning. 

Guest bathroom with a large shower, sink, W/C and marble throughout.  

Private underground secure parking and a trastero for storage. 

Simply put this property is stunning and has a real house feel and increíble for a family home, investment property or holiday home. 

The costs such and IBI and community fees are low and the community has a very healthy balance. 

Located perfectly for all amenities such as a school, bars, restaurants, supermarkets etc only 10 minutes to La Cala, 8 to Fuengirola, there is a bus route and just next door is Parque El Esparragal (BBQ park) there are plenty of great protected natural areas for walks and bike rides and everything is on your doorstep.