A truly unique villa, located in the natural park of Los Alcornocales, between Tarifa and Algeciras, just 20 minutes from Gibraltar and 30 minutes from Sotogrande, Tarifa is only 15 minutes and Morocco 35 minutes by ferry from Tarifa. It has incredible views and from the house, you can see Gibraltar and its great Bay, and the entire Strait of Gibraltar

The house faces south and consists of 7 bedrooms, 6 bathrooms and a guest bathroom, a large kitchen with a dining room, 3 reception rooms and dreamy gardens and terraces all with pectacular views. The house has air conditioning in some rooms. The property has a large swimming pool with solarium and bathing area overlooking the Bay of Algeciras and Gibraltar, it also has a barbecue area, idea for al fresco lunch and dinner, all located in the Natural Park of Los Alcornocales with fabulous vegetation that invites you to go on hiking trails around the farm.

It is a movie house!! Multiple films have been shot on the property, most recently the filming of episodes 3 and 4 of the third season of the TV series THE CROWN. They used for filming various rooms in the house simulating the queen's bedrooms, as well as the pool area to simulate a party in Los Angeles.
This is not just a villa, iy is a statement to luxury.
Come and see it with us and fall in love.
 
Finca - Cortijo, Algeciras, Costa del Sol.
7 Bedrooms, 7 Bathrooms, Built 805 m², Garden/Plot 27500 m².

Setting : Suburban, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Town, Close To Forest.
Orientation : North, North East, East, South East, South, South West, West, North West.
Condition : Good, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Port, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Courtyard, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, ADSL / WIFI, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Barbeque, Near Church, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Covered, Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
Category : Investment, Luxury.
