Freestanding duplex penthouse for sale Calahonda Mijas-Costa

Freestanding 3 bed duplex penthouse for sale in the well-known urbanisation Bonita Hills in Upper Calahonda. This authentic urbanisation is a mix of Andalusian architecture with Moorish details, surrounded by large lush mature gardens with 2 swimming pools and a nicely covered cabana to relax and enjoy the Spanish lifestyle in the sun or shade.

Truly unique duplex penthouse with only neighbours below is a freestanding property with a private impressive entrance and own spacious garage of 38m2. 

This duplex penthouse lies in the middle of the urbanisation but very private and surrounded by the mature and beautiful gardens, an elevator close by where you can easily reach the private spacious garage. The garage has an electric door and is situated in a gated part of the urbanisation just below the property.

When entering this unique house you have a spacious hallway that opens up towards the living/dining area and the cosy covered terrace with sea views. On this level there is a spacious fully equipped separate kitchen with adjacent a laundry room and furthermore a guest toilet with shower and a marble staircase to the second level. 

The playfully arranged living area has a cosy fireplace and due to the stand alone position of the property you have a lot of natural light floating in. Apart from the living there is a large dining area both connected to the covered terrace from where you can enjoy your sea views. 

The upper floor has 3 bedrooms of which a cosy large bedroom with a beautiful bay window and a bedroom with a French balcony. These two bedrooms share a large bathroom with walk in shower, double sinks and a toilet. The master bedroom has an en-suite bathroom and access to a beautiful sunny south facing terrace with panoramic sea views. The property has good finishes and has air conditioning hot/cold, fireplace, cream marble floors throughout, built in wardrobes and double glazing.

Details like the Andalusian/moorish style arches and the cornices on the ceilings give this property a special touch and a pleasant ambiance. Truly a place that is perfect as a lovely family home for all year around living or as a second residence.
Definitely a place to view to experience yourself when looking for a special property.

Bonita Hills is located in the area of upper Calahonda (Mijas Costa) and not far from amenities such as bars, cafes and restaurants. Only just a short drive from the centre of Calahonda and lots of sports and leisure facilities nearby. The bus-stop is close by the entrance of the urbanisation.