Would you like to live in a new house, in a quiet area of Malaga and have a strategic location, close to everything? We exclusively present this charming house, which is ideally located next to the Camino de los Almendrales, a couple of minutes from Pinos del Limonar and a couple of minutes from the A7 motorway and the center of Malaga. In an area where new high standing urban complexes are being built and where the construction of a shopping center is scheduled. The house, which is South facing, has received a comprehensive reform in 2020 with a modern and simple style and has been decorated with furniture in a warm, neutral style and in tune with the light that floods the house.

The house is divided into three floors, on the ground floor we find a large garage with capacity for one vehicle and the possibility of installing shelves for extra storage, as well as two halls, one outside, ideal for leaving packages once the door has been opened to through the mobile app and the interior of the house itself.

On the first floor we have the rest area, since it is where the 4 bedrooms and two bathrooms are located, one of them en suite, counting the entire floor with parquet flooring.

On the second floor there is the living-dining room, the kitchen and a bathroom with a shower, as well as a large terrace where you can enjoy views of the countryside and sun during most of the day, due to its south orientation. It can be seen that a lot of time and resources have been dedicated to the comprehensive reform of the home, paying attention to detail to obtain a home of high quality and comfort.

On this same floor we find an ideal patio to enjoy the tranquility and aromas of nature, enjoy children or rest area for your pet. In addition, there is a closed diaphanous space of about 14m2 that is currently used for storage, but which is a very flexible space since it can be set up as an office or even an apartment since it has electricity and water outlets, and a semi-independent entrance. .

The house stands out for being in full contact with nature since the north side borders the Montes de Málaga Natural Park, being able to enjoy a few minutes of beautiful places where you can go hiking and outdoor activities and impressive views of the sea.

Completely ready to move into since the furniture and appliances are included, which, being so new, are under warranty, be sure to come and see it, it is worth it.

(In compliance with RD Junta de Andalucía 218 from October 11th 2005, be kindly informed that taxes(ITP, IVA, notary, etc) and expenses related to the purchase of this property, as well as the real estate fee are not included in the price)