Commercial urban plot of 3003 m² facing south, which offers demonstrable profitability.
Privileged location, high density of homes located in high standing urbanizations.
It has infographics of two preliminary projects:
A restaurant and a shopping center.
Zone with all services.
Ideal plot for a project on the Costa del Sol.
Spectacular views of the town of Benalmádena and the sea.
No possibility of new construction that obstructs the views.
Plot in height, on the A-368 road (immediate exit from the road).

Technical details:
Situation and surfaces: "3003 level m², CO-1 and CO-2 constitute a single urban plot".
Occupation: 35%.
Buildable: 0.40 m²/m² (about 1,250m2 of roof).
Maximum height: Two floors.
Setbacks: 3m of separation to boundaries.
Holders of the boundaries: Linda to the north with a green area and Av. Rocas Blancas (OWNER: Benalmádena City Council); to the west with a green area and the A-368 highway (OWNER: Benalmádena City Council); to the south with the A-368 highway and Av. Rocas Blancas (OWNER: Benalmádena City Council); and to the east with the General System of Free Spaces and Av. Rocas Blancas (OWNER: Benalmádena City Council).
Type of land: Direct urban land (Ordinance of commercial application).
License: The license is direct (without the need to carry out a prior management study).
Materials allowed: All, without limitations.
Easements: None; Neither facilities, nor pipes, nor easements of lights, views, etc.
Services and infrastructures: Completely consolidated urban land. It has all the urban services at the foot of the plot.
Accesses: Rolled, paved and sidewalk.

Derived expenses:
Expenses derived from the notary: €1,000 (Amount approx.).
Registration fee in the Land Registry: €1,000 (approx. amount).
Property Transfer Tax: €168,000 (It is settled by VAT).

Area:
Residential area of high standing developments, close to the iconic SPA Sensara, the 'Benalmádena Golf' course and the Benalmádena hospital. 10 minutes from Puerto Marina (Puerto deportivo de Benalmádena).
15 minutes by car from the airport of Malaga – Costa del Sol (AGP).
5 minutes from the AP-7 motorway.
Buses: M-103, M-126, M-126 100m from the entrance to the site.