"Welcome to the paradise of the Costa del Sol! This impressive, completely renovated duplex in the El Dorado Urbanization of Nueva Andalucía is a unique investment opportunity. With a private spa pool on the terrace, this luxurious apartment is perfect for those seeking comfort and luxury.

You have all the licenses in order:

-First occupation (LPO).
-Tourist rental license.
-Energy certificate.

Currently the property is rented on vacation and is managed as a business, we have return on investment numbers generating more than 10% profitability annually with demonstrable numbers. Projection to generate an ROI of 13-14% in 2024. An investment that cannot be missed if what you are looking for is a profitable investment.
The property has positive reviews and the possibility of continuing to manage the property through Lyx Homes is offered, from day 1 of the purchase it is possible to generate income immediately.

Key ready investment- Opportunity to buy a completely renovated penthouse (including electrical and water installation), fully furnished and all household items, 2 private parking spaces, 3 terraces (two of them facing South and sea views and a terrace perfect for the afternoon sun with incredible views of La Concha), in an excellent location close to everything in Marbella, in the prestigious El Dorado urbanization on Calle Yedras.

The penthouse has been recently renovated to very high standards and the best equipment in the kitchen including Smeg appliances.

This beautiful property of 135 m² has 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, perfect for investment. Enjoy the stunning sea views from its terraces and relax in the spa pool on the terrace of the master bedroom. In addition, it includes 2 parking spaces for your convenience.

With built-in wardrobes, air conditioning in all rooms and a privileged location, this property is an opportunity that you cannot miss. It is located on the 3rd floor of a building without an elevator, but it did not bother us very much.

Don't miss the opportunity to enjoy the comfort and luxury that this duplex penthouse offers.

Call us now for more information and to schedule a visit!"