A great opportunity to buy a 4-bedroom Villa with an independent 2-bedroom guest house!

Located in a beautiful rural location just outside Alora, on the way to El Chorro and the famous walk of "El caminito del Rey". 
Access to the property is via a paved road to a private entrance with electric gate. The plot of about 6,000 m2 is, thanks to the presence of irrigation water, overgrown with various citrus, fruit and nut trees.
The views are panoramic and breathtaking!

The main villa offers a lot of privacy, has a beautiful courtyard garden, a private pool and a covered terrace. The house has many modern features, including newly installed solar panels with battery system (5KWh), hi-speed broadband internet, modern aluminium windows with security locks, water softening and water filtration for drinking water. Drinking water is supplied via a system of city water from the neighbouring village of Bermejo. 

You enter the villa through double wooden doors and stand right in the beautifully tiled entrance hall. There is a glass panel door to a study (or fourth bedroom), and access to the garden with a spacious covered terrace.
Further from the hall, you enter a traditional sitting room with wood-burning stove, tiles from An-dalusia and stairs to the first floor. The fully equipped kitchen is spacious and contains everything you need. A large 5-burner cooker with double oven, fridge-freezer, dishwasher and washing ma-chine.
Beyond the kitchen is a useful utility/storage room and a fully tiled downstairs shower room with WC, basin and shower. There is also access to the private garden with pool here.
On the first floor there are three bedrooms, all with air conditioning and ceiling fans. Also on this floor is a bathroom with WC, sink, large rain shower, separate bathtub and plenty of storage space.
The spacious master bedroom is light and bright with double windows and a vaulted ceiling. The other two bedrooms both have independent access to the first-floor terrace, with stairs leading down to the garden below. From this terrace you have great views over the valley of the sun.

The separate casita has been available for rental since 2015 and is booked by guests with regularity.  The owners will hand over the rental website and social media channels to the buyers of the villa if the new owners wish to continue offering the accommodation for guests! 
Completely separate from the main house, the cottage has its own parking space, dedicated out-door area with terrace, BBQ overlooking the beautiful gardens and mountains beyond. There is even a private above-ground swimming pool. If desired, it is also easy to create a separate entrance to this accommodation.
Inside, there is a fully fitted modern kitchen with electric hob and oven, fridge freezer and washing machine and a recently installed light, bright shower room.
The spacious lounge features a cosy wood-burning stove. The lounge has double doors to the pri-vate terrace.
Both bedrooms are large air-conditioned double bedrooms. 
With a wood-burning stove and panel heating for the winter months, the cottage welcomes guests all year round. 
The cottage is offered fully furnished.
If desired, new owners can use the accommodation immediately and take over existing bookings. 
