The most elegant and beautiful five bedroom villa in La Capellania, Benalmadena, Spain!

This villa provides everything you could wish for: breathtaking sea views to La Capellania and far to Fuengirola, high quality materials and a lot of space and privacy.

Villa is built in 2021 and it is a stunning result of the cooperation between Finnish and Spanish architects who carefully considered every detail. House is located at almost 1000 m2 south/west facing corner plot and set so that privacy is guaranteed. The internal usable floor place is 372 m2.  This is a great possibility for a bigger family or for an enterprise which provides possibilities to work in distance for the staff members. 

Entrance floor has a spacious kitchen and living area with access to a sheltered courtyard. There is also one bedroom with an ensuite bathroom, a guest toilet and good-sized utility room. Porcelanosa´s kitchen is fully equipped with NEFF´s appliances. You also find  a sauna compartment with both wood and electric stoves. Main entrance is located on this floor and there is space for several cars in the front yard. 

Downstairs floor covers the whole house and there is a lot of space for activities and hobbies. Gym, billiard table or home theatre fit easily here or even more space for accommodation if you like. There is a toilet on this floor. Downstairs floor under the house has a huge garage with a technical area. 

Master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and fabulous sea views is located in the other wing of the house. So, privacy is guaranteed. There is also a living area upstairs with access to the terrace. Scenery from here is like a romantic painting. 

The east wing of the house has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one separate toilet and a living area with a kitchen. Living area opens to the outside terrace with a fully covered BBQ area with amazing sea views. 

The easily maintained courtyard has sheltered corners to relax in the shade. On the other hand, sun lovers can enjoy all day sunshine and cool off in the salt water swimming pool.

Villa has a building permit, drawings and material choices all in the right order. Furniture is negotiable. 

Materials: Porcelanosa tiles everywhere; water circulating under floor heating, decalcifying, smart knx house automation system (temperature control in every room, lights etc. control with one screen); high ceiling spaces have acoustics panels to create a silent sound environment. 

 Would this villa be your Andalusian dream? We are delighted to give you more information. Give us a message or call and let´s arrange a viewing for this great property. 

Ask us video without a logo!

