House with the possibility of making 2 houses a few minutes walk from the town square.
The most remarkable thing about this house, apart from its size, is that it has access by car through 2 streets.
The house is now distributed in 2 areas. The house that can be inhabited since it was a residence throughout the life of a family. And the house that was used as a workshop and was never reformed.
At the top, the main house, has access by car from Calle Juan Cerron and has a comfortable living room at the entrance that gives access to the large kitchen of the house.
The kitchen has access to a balcony and a toilet. This terrace has very nice views of the town, the mountains and the sea.
On the first floor there are 2 comfortable double bedrooms and a full bathroom. One of the bedrooms has access to a terrace and has very nice views of the sea and mountains and the town.
On the top floor of the house, there is a very large room of about 18m2 and a laundry area. This area can easily be converted into an en-suite bedroom with access to the beautiful roof terrace of the house. The roof terrace enjoys the same views as the two terraces but its comfortable size of 20m2 stands out.
This house is habitable, although it needs some modernization and has a lot of natural light, large windows and comfortable spaces.
The old house, used as a workshop, communicates from the living room of the house through some wooden stairs.
This one built on 2 floors with high ceilings and large windows and communicates with a street that is accessible by car where you can also park.
It is an area that needs complete reform although it has water and electricity.
At the entrance of this area there is a small area that can be used as a terrace.
Although the house is made up of two areas, it can become a single large house or 2 apartments as it belongs to the same building.

Keys are available in the office so a viewing can be easily arranged to appreciate all the possibilities you have when buying this great home.