We are very proud to offer this totally unique 5 bedroom middle floor apartment in the wonderful resort of Real De La Quinta in Benahavis.  Set within 200 hectares of the Sierra de las Nieves foothills this resort will offer the El Lago sports and wellness club with a range of different sport activities and a restaurant with views to the lake. There will also be a brand new 5* Hotel offering you more facilities within the complex and the development coming with the Breamm rating for Sustainabiity. 
Quercus is the 2nd phase of apartments built in Real de la Quinta with a natural finish of wood and stone and comes with spectacular panoramic views to the sea, Africa and Gibraltar, also to the coastline of Marbella and beyond. 
This unique apartment is 2 apartments made into one. Over 300 mtrs of internal space you have 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms of which 3 are en-suite the property takes the whole middle floor with a terrace of 128m2. 
Walking in you have a huge living and dining area with stunning sea views directly in front of you, the living area has a double sided gas fireplace and plenty of natural light. Open plan kitchen with island and lots of space. To the right you have a master bedroom with en-suite and lots of wardrobes and storage. Bedroom 2 comes with en-suite, in the hallway a laundry room and a guest toilet. 
To the left of the property 3 further bedrooms, one currently used as a smaller tv room, one bedroom with en-suite and 2 bedrooms with a shared bathroom. Every bedroom has a breathtaking sea view.
All the property has underfloor heating, domotic system for lights, heating and security shutters, triple glazing thermal windows and water softener. Each room has its own personal control panel for heating and cooling and there is also an App to control everything in the apartment. The apartment comes with 4 parking spaces and 2 storerooms. 
This is a totally unique must see property and set in the best block of the Quercus complex
Real de La Quinta is a one of a kind complex and will offer everything you need for a holiday home or permanent residence. 




