Introducing this excellent investment opportunity for a fantastic villa in an unbeatable location in Nueva Andalucia. Nueva Andalucia is one of the most sought-after parts of Marbella as it is surrounded by popular golf courses of the Golf Valley and other amenities including restaurants, shopping, supermarkets, and beaches. Your new home will be just a few minutes away from Puerto Banus where you will be spoilt for choice of ways to enjoy your Mediterranean life to the fullest. If you are looking for a good investment in the Nueva Andalucia, you will not find better than this! Built on a large plot, there is so much room for doing small changes and making this your dream house or replacing the existing house (you can build up to three houses if wished!).

This villa is built on one level on a large plot of 3.455sqm. As you enter the house you have a wonderful driveway surrounded by gardens. You have access to park in the garage and access to the main entrance of the house. Before the main entrance door, you are greeted with a wonderful courtyard. As you enter you have a grand entrance hall with a corridor leading left and right. Straight ahead is the large living and dining room with open fireplace and incredible mountain views that will blow you away from the moment you enter. A very large space that can be converted and used as wished. Direct access out to the wow factor terrace that is very large and offers open views of the La Concha mountain and the sea. A few steps down leads to the swimming pool and garden area. If you are a family that love relaxing on a terrace, there is so much fantastic space to enjoy in this house.

The corridor to the left of the entrance takes you to the spacious kitchen with stunning wooden beam ceiling, open fireplace, and seating area. It also has a separate pantry/laundry room. This side of the house also gives access to the garage and one guest bedroom with en-suite bathroom.

To the right of the entrance, you will find a guest toilet, an office room, master bedroom and three guest bedrooms. Two of these guest bedrooms share one bathroom and the third guest bedroom has an en-suite bathroom. The master bedroom is very large with en-suite bathroom with shower and bathtub, big area for wardrobes, and direct access to the large terrace with views.

A fantastic opportunity for a project that is hard to find in this area, you do not want to miss out!