This Exclusive Luxurious Modern apartment is located in La Floresta de la Mairena, with open panoramic unobstructed views to the Sea, Coast, Mountain and Forest as shown in the photos , 

The Apartment has 2 complete bathrooms, an open-plan kitchen and a terrace which is directly accessible from both the lounge and the master bedroom. All units are built to the highest standard with first-class finishes including a modern designed integrated kitchen with quartz worktop, thermal and acoustic insulation, air-conditioning, solar powered heather and automatic permanent ventilation system in all rooms. Each block has its own elevator and exterior carpentry finishes in aluminium

There is Solar system /hot water.(Very low running cost in general, low community fee, low tax, etc)

The Apartment has a direct entrance with no steps directly from the main entrance, to your privet parking place directly to your block and to the apartment, there is also a Lift but you will not need to use it to access the apartment.

La Floresta de Mairena is a gated residential in a beautiful environment, declared a natural biosphere reserve by UNESCO, and only 7 kilometres from Elviria beach, east of Marbella. The residential is surrounded by a strikingly beautiful cork forest with sea views. La Mairena is a residential area you can enjoy all year round having a relaxed atmosphere, undisturbed by any noise from traffic yet close to good-quality road links to the centre of Marbella.

La Floresta de la Mairena is located in the proximity of the famous German college and just a few minutes walk to El Soto Golf.

The property also have a great benefit that the community fees are very low and gives access to the golf course El Soto, 9 holes, par 3, which also has a gym, sauna SPA, paddle, Avatel WIFI Internet, aorund200 TV Channels, game rooms and a clubhouse with restaurant. 5 minutes by car, you can also enjoy the famous 36-hole La Cala golf course and the Santa Maria Golf course.The complex has 2 swimming pools, communal gardens and Private parking Space for each apartment and more open parking space for guests too to park inside the Urb. 

NOTE: Must See, The views in Reality is much better than the photos.
Please request the full Brochure/ Great investment with the lowest running cost.
