A luxury, modern villa with so much space and light on a large plot. Does this sound like what you are looking for? Let us introduce you to this stunning luxury villa for sale in Nueva Andalucia. This villa offers everything you could be dreaming of to living your best Mediterranean life on the coast. 

Entering the property, you are greeted with an incredibly spacious and bright living and dining room. The big windows ensure plenty of natural light intake throughout the whole house. The kitchen is sleek in an open plan format with La Concha views and is connected with the dining area. There is also a guest toilet. The large living area has direct access out to the terrace with stunning views and the inviting swimming pool. This is a fantastic spot for relaxing in the outdoor lounge area with friends or hosting a BBQ dinner. The entrance level hosts two bedrooms, a guest bedroom with en-suite bathroom and another room that is currently used as an office but can be another bedroom with en-suite bathroom.

Moving up the stairs to find two more bedrooms. There is so much space on this level to add another bedroom, or two, if wished. The space is currently used as a second lounge area and a office/library. The glass windows do not only eventuate the lightness and space but also provide a backdrop for the breathtaking views. There is a guest bedroom with separate bathroom. The master bedroom lies here, with large en-suite bathroom with bathtub, plenty of wardrobe space and beautiful views. From here there is direct access out to a large terrace.

On the lower level, you will find the basement and garage area with lots of storage. There is a spacious laundry room for convenience. There is also a room that is currently a playroom but can be converted as wished. Here there is also an additional bedroom with natural light. The two bedrooms share one bathroom. 

The location of this villa is ideal if you are looking for a property for sale that gives you tranquility and quietness yet still being within close distance to everything you could need. Shops, supermarkets and other leisure activities including all the famous golf courses in the Golf Valley are all within very easy reach. A wonderfully unique and natural setting in Marbella offering clients every possible comfort for their permanent residence or holiday home.