We are pleased to announce one of the best investments currently available in the Soho. This is a spacious, exterior apartment with two terraces, located on the fifth floor with only two apartments per floor, offering privacy, accessibility, a concierge, and optional garage. What more could you ask for?

The property is located in a building constructed in 1969, which still retains features of the era's style such as a wooden porter's lodge, dark grey marble flooring in the entrance hall, and charming vintage wood and glass partition walls in the corridors. It is a fine example of enduring architecture that is increasingly in demand.

The apartment has an excellent rectangular layout, with a large façade facing the street and a smaller part facing a spacious communal patio. All rooms have natural light. The current distribution is indicative and we can provide floor plans. However, the property's real value lies in its versatility, both in terms of shape and facade surface area, as well as the location of pillars and downpipes. We are dealing with a property with enormous potential for creative design. We want to emphasize the high ceiling height, which will facilitate the installation of air conditioning and accommodate all kinds of installations. We have detailed floor plans and can offer qualified technical advice. Contact us without obligation and we will attend to you immediately.

The two terraces have a total area of 25 sqm and are other major attractions of the apartment. The views are of the vibrant Soho neighborhood, both of buildings and one of the main streets, Alameda de Colón.

As an option, we have a parking space available in a nearby building, which could be included for an additional 40,000 euros.

The Soho neighborhood of Malaga is an emerging area in the center of the city. Known as the "Ensanche de Malaga," it is the part that lies between the Alameda Principal and the Port. Formerly considered a transit zone, the area underwent a regeneration process in the late 2000s through neighborhood initiatives and various investments, becoming what we now know as "Soho Malaga" or the "Arts District." Although the pillars of this development were the CAC (Center for Contemporary Art) and the Soho Theater, in recent years, we can confirm that the acquisition of the theater by actor and director Antonio Banderas, to turn it into the CaixaBank Soho Theater, has been the push that has catapulted the neighborhood to become the vibrant showcase of cultural and design activity in Malaga. In the near future, the creation of the Muelle Heredia port is pending, which will be an office complex that will further transform the port of Malaga.

If you are thinking of acquiring a unique, versatile property, either as your own home or as an investment product, do not hesitate to choose this one. Turn to us for better advice.