This fabulous detached villa is perfect if you are thinking of a change or looking for a second home. It is so spacious, that it offers so many possibilities for family living or to receive occasional visits from family or friends.
It is one of the best options to move into without fear of making a mistake!
Enjoy the peace and tranquillity it offers as it is located on the front line of the golf course. It is perfect for relaxing sitting on the terrace enjoying its spectacular panoramic views of the sea, the golf course and the bay of Marbella.
Southwest facing, it is located on the Costa del Sol, in Santa Clara in a great area of Marbella, a gated community where you can live in peace, with 24h security, and enjoy its beautiful gardens and the golf course located within the urbanization which also has a beautiful clubhouse with restaurant where you can have breakfast on weekends or lunch and dinner with friends.
It is sold optionally furnished, which is perfect to be able to start from now with a new change of life, and renovate what you think you need to start being happy in your home.
It is so luminous that it transmits tranquillity and energy.
The property is distributed in such a way that you can receive visitors while maintaining your privacy.
- Divided into three levels, on the main floor there is a very spacious and fully equipped kitchen, a large living room with fireplace, a separate dining room, a bathroom and a large terrace with access to a garden where you can relax or have lunch, dinner or get together with friends and a private pool where you can cool off or sunbathe.
- Upstairs, there are 5 bedrooms, the master bedroom with dressing room and terrace, 5 bathrooms.
- On the ground floor, a games room, laundry room and a very spacious garage.
The house has important extras such as marble floors, underfloor heating, air conditioning hot/cold, private covered parking, a large laundry room....
"Undoubtedly a wonderful opportunity to start a new stage in your life."
SUMMARY:
5 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 707 m2, Terrace 150 m2, Garden/Plot 1425 m2.
Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Golf, Urbanisation.
Orientation: Southwest.
Condition: Excellent.
Pool: Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, Underfloor Heating.
Views: Sea, Mountain, Golf, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque.
Furniture: Optional.
Kitchen: Fitted.
Garden: Private.
Security: Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking: Underground, More than one.
Utilities: Electricity, Telephone.
Category: Golf, Luxury, Resale.

Villa - Villa, Santa Clara, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 707 m², Terrace 150 m², Garden/Plot 1425 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Golf, Urbanisation.
Orientation : Southwest.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, Underfloor Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Telephone.
Category : Golf, Luxury, Resale.