BAGS OF POTENTIAL

. LARGE property
. Loads of potential
. SPA Village location
. Waking distance into the NATIONAL Park
. TRADITIONAL Spanish Environment
. Several shops and TAPAS bars within walking distance

This incredibly spacious townhouse located in the pretty white village of Tolox is spread out over three levels.

There are a total of five bedrooms in the property. On the bottom floor there is a living room, kitchen, first bedroom and interior patio.

On the second floor are a further 3 bedrooms, the master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom.

On the final floor is the last bedroom and large roof terrace looking out onto open views of the town and countryside. 

This expansive and bright townhouse could be easily converted into a large lock-and-leave holiday home or a permanent residence.

The charming white village of Tolox lies against the steep hills of the Sierra de las Nieves, at the end of a side road from the C-344 Málaga-Ronda. It offers beautiful views of the vast rolling countryside below and impressive high mountain peaks above. Tolox is quietly famous for its SPA-waters and one of the gateways to national park Sierra de las Nieves.

The Tolox SPA (Fuente Amargosa Health Spa) attracts large numbers of pilgrims and SPA-visitors that stay in the area each year. Standing at the entrance to the spectacular nature reserve, the SPA makes use of the water which flows at the rate of 15.000 litres a day from the mountains. The water is said to work wonders with respiratory ailments due to a mild gas it gives off. Not only people benefit from the waters of Tolox, also avocado farms, vegetable plots and fruit trees packed with local fruits which are grown in the green valley, hidden between the hills, behind the village. 

Besides the healing waters, the national park Sierra de las Nieves, is a wild and stunning area for rural tourists to discover. The wildlife is impressive and views often breathtaking. Visitors are welcome, however the village of Tolox is not packed with shops and hungry salesman. You find a tiny but engaging municipal museum, there are of course local shops and (tapas) bars and a central town square.

Tolox is the ideal place to relax and enjoy the slow, peaceful pace of its Andalusian inhabitants. Don't be surprised if you see an old man roaming the streets on its horse or donkey, this is part of the authentic and untouched lifestyle.

The village of Tolox is located an hour's drive (60 km.) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are a 50 minute (40 km.) drive away.