BACK ON SALE - RESERVA DEL HIGUERÓN - SOUTH BEACH - ATTRACTIVE APARTMENT WITH LARGE TERRACE, OPEN SEA VIEW & BEACH SHUTTLE SERVICE
Wonderful hillside apartment with stunning sea views and shuttle service to the beach, restaurants and shops between Fuengirola and Benalmadena - only 1.7 km to the beach and train station and 16 minutes by car to Malaga airport.

Reserva del Higuerón offers its residents an excellent infrastructure and numerous leisure activities. Most notably, thanks to a shuttle service, you can live here practically without a car - a luxury rarely found on the Costa del Sol. At the upper entrance there is a shopping center with a supermarket, restaurant, pharmacy, dry cleaners, etc. The Higueron Hotel, Curio Collection by Hilton is in the center of Higueron and right next door is a country club with a spa and a wide range of sports (fitness center, spinning courses, Pilates, paddle, tennis, beach volleyball, indoor pool Etc.). At the bottom of the urbanization is the train station with direct connections to Malaga, Fuengirola or the airport. The shuttle service connects all these offers with the wonderful beach of Carvajal - here you will find a wide sandy beach with numerous restaurants and beach clubs.

The very well-kept apartment offers a wonderful sea view and is tastefully furnished in a modern style. It has two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a spacious living-dining room with an integrated and fully equipped kitchen. There is a separate laundry room adjacent to the kitchen. 

The absolute highlight of this apartment is the 41 m² south-facing terrace with a phenomenal view of the sea and the well-kept pool and garden area.

The apartment is equipped to a high standard with air conditioning cold/warm, underfloor heating in both bathrooms, electric blinds and built-in wardrobes in the bedrooms, smart home system, video intercom and pre-installation for an alarm system. 

The purchase price includes two garage parking spaces of 13 m² each and a storage room of 12 m².
