Monte Mayor offers an exclusive gated community with 24 hour security in a fantastic natural environment with beautiful surroundings and excellent sea views. It is just a 15 minute drive to the coast and popular resorts like Puerto Banus and Marbella are close too. Monte Mayor spans over 330 hectares of land with low density building where owners can enjoy the space and privacy they like and deserve.    

Las Dos Torres is a contemporary Andalusian style villa has an elegant access road which leads to the main entrance and the garage in the basement. When entering the house the perfect optimisation of space and layout immediately stands out. The open plan layout of the living area comprises a double-height ceiling, two sitting areas, a dining area, a modern and efficient Italian kitchen fully equipped with German appliances, an office space area and a very elegant staircase. There is pre-installation foreseen for a future elevator. The living and dining areas have large sliding windows which give access to the large, partly covered, terraces where you have the most fantastic mountain and sea views. The sitting area inside has a fire place too.

The master bedroom is completely private with large fitted wardrobes, en-suite bathroom area, a walk-in shower, a free standing bath, double washbasins and a separate toilet. Large windows give access to a covered terrace to enjoy the panoramic views . This level also accommodates the guest bathroom and the multi-purpose/laundry room. On the upper floor there are 3 guest bedrooms all with fully equipped en-suite bathrooms. Two bedrooms have separate large terraces perfectly suited for sunbathing. All have large windows and fitted wardrobes. The living area as well as the bedrooms have underfloor heating throughout for the colder days and individually controlled air-conditioning. This makes the house perfectly suitable for permanent occupancy as well as a luxurious vacation home. From the terraces on the main level you have 2 staircases leading down to the pool level and the garden with unbeatable panoramic views.

Downstairs the basement consists of a 4 car garage, a future laundry room, and a large machine room, which houses the heating and cooling equipment, the water storage tanks and the pool equipment. The very big garage space has daylight and can be divided in future to accommodate a tv/film room, a gymnasium, extra bedrooms or an apartment with direct access to the pool. In that case there is more than enough space left for 2-3 cars. In the garden you will find a large infinity pool and a wood decked terrace area. The large plot of 2.650 m2 is very private and has grass and fully landscaped areas with a large variety of planting. The garden also has an automatic irrigation system.

