A stunning 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached villa located in El Chapparal, Mijas Costa, Malaga, Spain. The villa boasts beautiful character and offers stunning sea and mountain views from various terraces, the large living room, and enclosed patio.

The property sits on a generous plot size of 505m2 and has a build area of 188m2. There is also a private entrance, private pool, and gated grassed garden area of 10m2. Additionally, there are two private garages, a workshop, and ample storage areas, as well as three more private car parking spaces outside.

The villa's internal floor space is 159m2 and includes an open-plan kitchen that overlooks the ornate living room. The living room has a log-burning fireplace and steps down one level, giving it a unique and stylish feel. The villa also has a separate laundry room equipped with an American-style fridge/freezer and an outside toilet.

The property is located in a quiet cul-de-sac and is only 250 metres from the beach, making it an ideal location for those who love the sea and the Mediterranean coastal lifestyle right next door to La Cala de Mijas.. The villa also benefits from an outhouse that can be used as a guest apartment, consisting of a main room, bathroom, and another small room.  Inerior is currently unfinished but has water and waste connected for a kitchen and shower room, as well as an air conditioning unit.

The villa is surrounded by an abundance of colorful plants and trees, making it easy to maintain. It is also totally private and not overlooked, ensuring complete peace and tranquility. This property is an excellent opportunity to own a beautiful villa in a stunning location.

In decree 2182005, of October 11, which approves the regulation of information to the consumer in the sale and lease of homes in Andalusia, the client is informed that the notarial, registry, ITP, or financial and other expenses inherent to the sale are not included in the price. VAT not included.

Detached Villa, Mijas Costa, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 188 m², Terrace 317 m², Garden/Plot 10 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : North, North East, East, South East, South, South West, West, North West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Guest Apartment, Guest House, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Covered, Street, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Resale.
