Located in the exclusive area of La Sierrezuela in Mijas, this stunning contemporary style villa offers a combination of luxury, elegance and unparalleled comfort.

All materials used in construction are of the highest quality and have been carefully selected. The property has home automation system and aerotermia, access by folding door with fingerprint system, high quality porcelain floors and latest generation appliances to ensure maximum energy efficiency and comfort.

With a constructed area of 740.26 square meters the property is distributed over three floors:

The main floor consists of an entrance hall that leads to the spacious living room, where large windows flood the natural light space throughout the day and an impressive fireplace creates a warm and welcoming atmosphere. The open concept kitchen features a large marble central island, state-of-the-art appliances, Italian taps and large storage cabinets.

On the same floor, we find two very bright bedrooms, a full bathroom and a guest toilet, as well as a fully equipped laundry room with access to a covered terrace of 13 square meters.

The upper floor, accessible by stairs or elevator, has the master bedroom with a spacious en suite bathroom and a dressing room of 24 square meters. From the master bedroom, you can access a large open terrace of 72 square meters with stunning views.

The basement floor offers a wide variety of amenities, including a garage with capacity for 5 vehicles with direct access from the street, a fully equipped gym with its own bathroom, a multipurpose room with its own bathroom, an elegant cellar with sophisticated LED designs and a storage room. 

Outside, you will find a large pergolan porch with chill out area, a fully equipped barbecue area and an impressive 64 sq m salt water pool, all designed in an exquisite minimalist style.

This luxurious contemporary-style villa offers a life of luxury, comfort, and sophistication where you can enjoy the privileged climate of the Costa del Sol. 

Do not hesitate to contact us for further information!

GPT1