Spacious Apartment with panoramic sea views.

Welcome to one of the best complex in Calahonda, Costa del Sol! 
If you are looking for privacy, quiet and yet close to the cities such as Marbella, Málaga, Mijas or Fuengirola, this is the property you must buy. You can get to the airport in 25 minutes and be in Marbella in 10 minutes thanks to the proximity to the toll road, avoiding the hustle of the coast road.

This is an urbanization of just 51 units, so we can guarantee you are going to be quiet all year around. In addition, the maintenance it's of high standards, with well maintained gardens, immaculate facade, clean communal areas, etc.
This complex sits on the top of a hill, meaning, you have panoramic views from every corner of it, even from the relax area of the community.
The pool area it's the stamp of the complex, as it is well organized with individuals sunbeds and parasols, keeping a sense of privacy, yet sharing a semi-Olympic pool with plenty of space for each other to swim.

The property is located on the wing of the complex, with only one close neighbor. As you enter to the apartment you can already appreciate the magnificent panoramic views. From there, it leads you straight to the 60m2 Living room, divided in two spaces where you can adjust at your convenience. It is bright and fresh as it has two good size windows. 
The main bedroom enjoys the morning sunlight and has plenty of ventilation, you can sleep comfortably in summer time with the fresh sea breeze. It has en suite bathroom with jacuzzi.
The second bedroom is the most spacious and has a long wardrobe, perfect for stored the things we keep and never use! Very good bedroom for those who prefer to be quiet when the house is busy and noisy. It has its own private bathroom with shower.
The kitchen is well proportioned, well kept and has everything you need. The laundry room is a good extra room for storage and, if you would like, you can extend the kitchen, as other owners did.
Note: This is originally a 3 bedroom apartment, which can be converted back again with a small renovation.

Well, next step is you to come and see it for yourself. There are not many properties like this, in a complex like this, in an area like this and, more important, at a price like this.

You are welcome!