Large villa in sought-after urbanisation, Jardines del Águila 

This fabulous property offers breathtaking views of the sparkling Mediterranean Sea and the surrounding towns of Mijas and Fuengirola. 
With a vast 320 square metres of floor space, this spacious property offers plenty of room for you and your loved ones to unwind and enjoy.

Entering the property, the tasteful interior design and lots of natural light create a cosy and welcoming atmosphere. 
On the ground floor is the fully equipped kitchen which gets an abundance of natural sunlight and is excellent for making delicious meals, as well as the first open-plan dining/living room. From here, there is direct access to one of the terraces, which overlooks the garden and private pool. There is also one bathroom and a bedroom on this floor. 
On the first floor, there are two other bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms. One of these bedrooms also has a walk-in wardrobe. The rest of the bedrooms have fitted wardrobes. The rooms' ample size and comfort guarantee a serene and restful night's sleep. Imagine beginning each morning with a stunning view of the surroundings.
On the basement level is a fully independent apartment complete with its own bedroom, large open-concept living/dining area, bathroom and kitchen. From here, there is also direct access to the pool terrace. 

This property has all the amenities needed for a comfortable lifestyle — a beautiful location for entertaining visitors or spending time with family is created by the open living and dining areas. 
The home has accessible parking for two cars and a private pool for cooling off on warm days.

Cerros del Águila is an area in Mijas Costa, a 10-minute drive from the beach. The urbanisation is quiet, with Spanish residents and newcomers of other nationalities. 
The area has a small supermarket, restaurants, and a large common area consisting of a playground, tennis court, and a swimming pool with a children's pool. The tennis court and playground are available all year round. 

According to the plan, a larger park called Gran Parque de Mijas will be built in 2023. It is going to be the biggest park in Málaga province.