Spacious semi-detached house located in the prestigious Reserva del Higuerón private complex, on the border between Benalmádena and Fuengirola, a step away from all services and Carvajal beach with its beautiful promenade and restaurants. The suburban train station is 100 meters away and there is a free bus service for the residents of the complex.
The property has several renovations done: the kitchen, modern and fully equipped with all electrical appliances, has a very nice little terrace with sea views, next to the living room there is an office area with views to the west and plenty of natural light as well as a guest apartment in the basement of the house and finally a private pool in the garden that enjoys sun all day thanks to its west orientation.
We access the house where there is a closed garage as well as an outdoor parking space; Next to the entrance hall we find a very functional wardrobe area and on the other side access to a patio with a barbecue area. The ground floor includes the living room with views of the mountains, lots of natural light, the office, the spacious and bright kitchen with its terrace and a guest toilet. On the lower floor we have 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, one of them en-suite inside the large master bedroom, all bedrooms have independent air conditioning, fitted wardrobes and direct access to the garden where there is a private pool with an outdoor shower. From there there is access to a guest suite, recently built into the rock and which has a large main room with bathroom and a back room where a kitchen could easily be installed. The suite has a private terrace and offers complete privacy from the rest of the house. From the garden there is a staircase that communicates with the entrance of the house. This house is ready to move into, located in a very exclusive residential area that has its own private security and where there is a 5-star Hilton Hotel, Cafeteria, Restaurants, supermarket, pharmacy, SPA, gym, hairdresser, 2 swimming pools, tennis courts tennis and paddle etc... Contact us for more information.