Modern Beachside Penthouse in stunning East Marbella

This stylish duplex penthouse offers privileged living in a modern open plan layout where inside spaces merge seamlessly outside into the sunshine & nature on the wraparound terrace that encompasses  the main penthouse floor giving all day sunshine and many separate areas to eat, rest and play whilst enjoying your elevated position. This property is sold exquisitely furnished with 2 adjoining parking spaces and storage room.

The first floor compromises the main living area with entrance hall separating an open plan living room and kitchen on the west corner and two bedrooms and bathrooms on the east. The penthouse has a perfect east to west orientation with sunrise and sunsets covered! Rooms are flooded with light but protected with ingenious heat filtering glass systems keeping the property cool in the Marbella summer sun. A high quality ceramic floor runs throughout and all rooms have airzone for heating and cooling, electric blinds and a phone controlled domotics system for complete convenience, 

The top floor of the property houses the master bedroom suite and bathroom with over 40m2 of luxury and views to the surrounding nature and the sea.. Access from the living room through the bespoke wood and glass staircase into an open plan siting area with electric Velux window and door to the large master suite with fitted dressing area and luxury en suite with shower and separate w.c. 

Dunes Beach is a boutique gated development of 30 luxury apartments with an international community of owners. This landmark building was completed and sold out in circa 2019 other than this penthouse which was retained by the developer and now offered for sale for the first time. It is in the best location in the community and is sold as new. 

Carib Playa has sensational sandy beaches and a relaxed charm that make it one of our favourite destinations. Nestled on the beachside between Cabopino Marina and Marbesa/ Elviria, the location is sensational and everything is within easy reach. This is the only modern apartment construction in the area, predominantly made up of private villas and currently a hot spot for modern new build and reform villa projects. This is an area currently in high demand and with good reason.

