Luxury Villa with breathtaking Sea views and close to the beach,This modern and charming villa, with excellent views over the Mediterranean Sea, is located in Elviria, Marbella. Just minutes away from the golf course "Elviria St Maria Golf", restaurants and other amenities. 
The main entrance leads into an open plan living and dining area from which you can already enjoy the amazing sea views. The fully equipped kitchen with Smeg appliances offers a nice, large private and comfortable cooking area connected with the large livingroom . the living area leads into a big covered terrace with a view to the pool area sea and mountain. Upstairs there is the master bedroom en-suite and a extra bedroom en suite from where you reach another large terrace with again stunning sea and mountain views. the basement there are 2 further bedrooms en-suite, and 1 extra open living area with 2 extra double bedrooms, on this level is a extra kitchen for the pool area and the big sun terras with a beautifill infinity pool..

Further extra,s: 2 parking spaces, domotic Control, underfloor heating throughout, , ventilationsystem for the basement, , separate Laundry Area and allocated breakfast terrace, A/C System throughout, Alarmsystem,the garden is is very well maintained and all areas are very easily accessible and smartly connected.
This well priced villa must be seen because of his great building quality,Size,peace and amazing see view

Elviria is a popular residential community located in the eastern part of Marbella, about 15 minutes' drive to Marbella city centre and 25 minutes' drive to the international airport of Malaga. Some of the best international schools are situated in Elviria such as the English International College, the Deutsche Schule and Colegio Ecos. The area is well equipped with services, restaurants, supermarkets and entertainment facilities. Also conveniently located are the Santa María and Santa Clara golf courses with their respective clubs and two more golf courses, Golf Club Marbella and Golf Rio Real, are only a short drive away. Elviria offers beautiful sandy beaches with charming beach restaurants and famous beach clubs like Nicky Beach.club Nikki Beach is situated just next to the five-star luxury Hotel Don Carlos.