Stunning spacious villa in Mijas Golf for sale!
Built on a double plot (2,000m2) and built size of 500m2.

This stunning house is priced to sell. Absolutely immaculate and a real credit to the owners. The house is modern with a large fitted American style kitchen of the highest quality by Jacob Jensen design. .

The accommodation has an impressive entrance hallway with full height ceiling, galleried landing and guest w.c. off. The main family living area is fully open plan and incorporates a sitting room and dining area plus a fantastic contemporary style kitchen with central island unit, LED lighting and a full range of quality appliances including a dishwasher, hob, cooker hood, American style fridge/freezer and 2 Smeg Ovens. There are also electrically operated self-opening and closing drawers and a "Quooker" boiling water tap. Full width panoramic patio doors open out to a covered terrace which has sun blinds and provides areas for sitting, relaxing and dining.

There is a study / office with built in cupboards that can easily be used as a 4th bedrooms and 2 bedrooms on the ground floor both of which have a range of fitted wardrobes, access to the terrace and garden and luxury en suite bathroom with baths with showers over. Utility room with Bosch American style washing machine and drier
There is a study / office with built in cupboards that can easily be used as a 4th bedrooms and 2 bedrooms on the ground floor both of which have a range of fitted wardrobes, access to the terrace and garden and luxury en suite bathroom with baths with showers over. Utility room with Bosch American style washing machine and drier

The master bedroom is located on the first floor and is exceptionally large having been formed from two original bedrooms. There is a supersized Jacuzzi with a fountain and shower and access out to a private west facing terrace. There is a dressing area with fitted wardrobes and an en suite bathroom with large walk-in shower.
On the lower floor there is a magnificent open plan family area with Amtico hardwood effect flooring providing a games rooms, home, cinema and gymnasium area. There is also a sauna and a large garage with space for 2 or 3 cars.

To the front of the house there is an extensive fore court with automatic gates providing plenty of parking space and the driveway leads down to the garage. To the rear is a large garden which is laid main to grass with automatic irrigation. There is an infinity swimming pool with pool house providing w.c. and shower.

The house is double glazed throughout and features under floor heating on the two main floors with hot and cold air conditioning throughout. The main floors are finished in high quality cream marble with Amtico finish on the lower floor. Internal doors are of high quality hardwood finish with modern magnetic locks. The bathrooms are well appointed with Duravit and Hans Gröhe fittings.


