This well presented villa is located in the renowned urbanisation of Guadalmina Alta, within walking distance to amenities, the commercial centre and the Real Club de Golf of Guadalmina. It is situated only a short two minute drive to the up and coming town of San Pedro de Alcantara and 5 minutes to the famous yachting marina of Puerto Banus.

The property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, second line golf and has views over the golf course from the first floor terrace.
You enter the property through electric gates where you encounter a large paved area with two fountains and sufficient space for parking a number of cars.

The accommodation is spread over two floors. On the ground floor there is an entrance hall with guest toilet, from the hall you have access to the spacious family living room with a cosy fireplace and a dining area. The kitchen is fully equipped and also has a separate laundry room with access to a small patio ideal for a drying area. There is also direct access to the garage from here.

Also on the ground floor there is a double bedroom with en suite bathroom.

From both the living room and dining area French doors lead to a large covered terrace, which is the ideal space for relaxing and enjoying the views over the pool and the mature garden containing palm trees, a banana tree and a variety of plants with an automatic irrigation system.

On the first floor there are three double bedrooms, the master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and a large private terrace from where you can enjoy the views over the golf course. The other two bedrooms also have ensuite bathrooms.

This property also offers a large garage with sufficient space for a car and golf buggy.

There is a lovely summer kitchen next to the private heated swimming pool as well as a jacuzzi. Further features include heating and air conditioning in all of the main rooms, marble floors and underfloor heating in the ground floor bedroom and shower room.

Early viewings are strongly advised, this is a beautiful villa in a superb location offered at an extremely competitive price.