UNIQUE MASTERPIECE IN SOUTH SPAIN

A very unique project has just been launched on the market this month of October 2022. The new build luxury villa is still in its early stages, allowing the buyer to still participate in its construction with minor, peronsal requests, should there be any. This villa is to be a striving symbol of luxury and privacy along the Costa del Sol, in Spain. It is located in a fully gated community in the green hills of Benahavis, offering panoramic sea views from all areas. All needed amenities, be them restaurants, shops, schools etc are at a 7 minute car drive away, with Marbella 10 minutes away and Malaga airport an easy 50 minute car drive on the toll road.

Driving up the scenic and green roads of the gated community Herrojo Alto you will arrive to the entrance of a true masterpiece. Parking on the large driveway of the house you are welcomed by a modern house with nice natural elements. 

The entrance to the house offers plenty of light and a breathtaking view through the houses and it´s large floor to ceiling windows. Stepping into the living area there´s a lounge with a fireplace that nicely separates the lounge from the large dining room and kitchen. The kitchen is adjoined by an outdoor kitchen creating a spectacular cooking experience. On this floor there´s also 2 guest bedrooms en-suite.

Walking up the stairs to the first floor there´s 3 bedrooms en-suite, including a huge Master bedroom of over 70 m2. The Master bedroom has a walk-in closet, bathroom and a private terrace with a jacuzzi. Going down to the lower level you´ll have almost 900 m2 of luxurious space that also offers views from its large windows. This area includes several lounges for entertainment or relaxing, playroom, cinema room and a gym and indoor spa with pool and jacuzzi. Furthermore there´s a home office, garage for 8 cars and 3 bedrooms en-suite, one of them with it´s own entrance and kitchenette making it suitable for staff.

This is a true masterpiece that can´t be missed!