RESERVED - Spectacular penthouse with large terrace overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and the prestigious golf course ``La Hacienda''. 

Characterised by magnificent qualities full of natural light, it is distributed in a bright living-dining room with access to the terrace and a spacious kitchen open to the living room with breakfast bar from where to cook with sea views. Recently enlarged and refurbished kitchen, under this ``total living'' sign you will enjoy visual continuity that ends in the blue of the sea. It consists of 2 large bedrooms and 1 room for an office. The master bedroom overlooking the par 73, Heathland Course, has a large en-suite bathroom with bathtub and double washbasin. The second bathroom has a hydro-massage shower. Both bedrooms have automated blinds.

For outdoor living, the impressive 135 m2 terrace has everything you need to enjoy the sun during the day and the stars at night. In its covered area, we find a chill-out area with dining table to meet with friends or enjoy a good barbecue. It has a covered bar area and a brick barbecue with sink. Its outdoor area is perfect for sunbathing and enjoying a relaxing bath in the jacuzzi or cooling off in the outdoor shower. 
The exterior floor is fully waterproofed and solar panels will soon be installed.

Located in an exclusive front line golf urbanization, this property is surrounded by the emerald green of the countryside and the blue of the Mediterranean. It has direct access from both the main entrance and the garage and has extras such as two parking spaces in the communal garage with space for three cars and a large storage room. Characterised by privacy, the top floor of the building is the only entrance door to the flat. This urbanisation has 2 swimming pools and garden areas. With a very personal design, its privileged location allows you to wake up in front of the golf course and enjoy fantastic sea views.

Just a few minutes from the main square of Alcaidesa and with good communication with the motorway, you will have easy access to Puerto Banús and Sotogrande, two of the most important marinas in the Mediterranean. And only 20 minutes from the international airport of Gibraltar, and 50 minutes from Malaga airport.

In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.