SOLD
Exquisitely positioned corner status one level ground floor apartment renovated and beautifully furnished offering access to a spacious immaculately maintained tropical garden situated within the prestigious community of El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf Benahavis designed within immaculately maintained tall palm residents gardens, encapsulated by the surrounding El Paraiso hills and mountains, conveniently accessed from Calle Chopo in El Parasio Alto an area of outstanding natural beauty and tranquillity. 

The community of Cortes Del Golf Benahavis is consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf and residential choice designed within outstanding tropical gardens and offers direct access from the Cortes Del Golf community car park onto the famous El Paraiso 18 hole golf course green. 

From a spacious immaculately maintained Andalucian courtyard with storage closets and utilities installed the entrance door leads to a Mayfair Mint Wood panelled Balay appliance Kitchen with opulent green marble surfaces complimented with exquisite detailed wall and floor tiling designed with a convenient open hatch window with double panels facing the lounge and the fuchsia bougainvillea filled exterior terrace on front of the gardens. White and light grey marble flooring throughout the living areas, elite specification double insulation thermal windows, integrated mosquito blinds and a fully renovated master bathroom designed with an immaculate white marble integrated vanity unit with purpose built carpentry, a porcelain bathtub with shower, double windows and integrated spots to the ceiling.  The luxuriously styled lounge and dining room with elite leather furniture suite and matching luxury dining table and chairs offers access to an impressive double aspect dining and relaxation terrace with a sunbathing garden area facing the tall tropical palm filled gardens and impressive garden features.

The Master bedroom with double wardrobes is adjacent to the luxurious master bathroom with views to the gardens.  A further guest bedroom with ensuite bathroom offers 2 beds with beautiful entrance garden views. 
Direct access onto the El Paraiso Alta golf course green from the golf buggy and residents car park of the community with ample dedicated owner and guest parking bays. 
Immaculately maintained tropical palm residents gardens and impressive swimming pool with Golf waterfall feature designed within the characteristic floral Andalusian  gardens and tiled pathways exquisitely decorating the community throughout.

Excellent opportunity to acquire a renovated one level garden apartment with a highly notable double aspect dining terrace and immaculate condition larger built Andalucian courtyard in El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, Benahavis.
El Paraiso Golf Club House offers a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round.
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita, Villa Padierna Club Del Mar & Tennis Club, and to Bel Air Commercial Center offering essential services and an excellent choice of restaurants
A short drive to Estepona, Marbella, The Golden Mile and to Puerto Banus.
24 hour Area Roaming Security at the entrance to El Paraiso Alta Benahavis 
All furniture, inventory and made to measure light beige herringbone fabric curtains at the lounge and kitchen archway are included in the price.

Viewing is highly recommended
