THE CONNECTION WITH THE NATURAL.
The large windows on the ground floor, that extends from the floor to the ceiling, confuses you about where you are. Thus, you do not know if you are inside or outside, if you are in the living room or on the terrace. It is a feeling of total continuity. In every space you can feel the connection with the natural environment, the garden, the terrace, the landscape and at the same time with the luminous valley that watches you and can also be looked at. The design is inspired by the transparent waters of a crystalline river and makes you appreciate the beauty and the connection with the natural environment in every moment. Its cubic and modular shape provides large open spaces that let us lead a comfortable and relaxed life.
VILLA DESIGNED WITH THREE FLOORS.
- LEVEL 0: Basement, distributed into a vehicle access zone and pedestrian access to the house, parking area, installation room and elevator.
- LEVEL +1: Main floor, distributed in dining room, kitchen, living room, bathroom, covered terrace and swimming pool.
- LEVEL +2: Bedrooms, distributed in Bedroom 1 with ensuite bathroom, dressing room and covered terrace; Bedroom 2 with fitted wardrobe and covered terrace; Bedroom 3 with fitted wardrobe and covered terrace, and shared bathroom.
- GARDEN which has been designed with trees and decorative plants in the area of the plot that has not been built up.
OUR SYSTEM IS A LA CARTE.
Being faithful to it, everything we offer is a starting point for our clients: The Design of the villa will be adjusted to the client's taste; the location of the villa and its construction will be done in the place and plot chosen by the client and, the quality elements will be chosen by the client, for which, we offer three levels of quality, which, in ascending form, we call them: Gold, Platinum and Diamond.
WE ESTABLISH 3 SIMPLE STEPS.
1.- Choice of villa and location: From the collection of villas and the catalogue of plots offered, the client chooses the one he really likes and best fits his needs and desires. From this moment on, everything starts...
2.- Adjust the design: Once the villa and location have been chosen, the client can adjust the interior and exterior design to their personal needs, with maximum respect for the applicable regulations and, always with the help and advice of the Villas à la Carte team, who will inform them of the technical feasibility of the proposed changes.
3.-Selection of finishing elements: We offer a variety of options in the finishing elements, selected from the sensation of balance, harmony and well-being, seeking at all times the maximum ease and comfort for our clients.
In each of the villas of the collection we offer three levels of quality, which in ascending form, we call them: gold, platinum and diamond.
Design your own way of living paradise now!
