Casa Feliz – a property with WOW factor 

This exceptional property, with a coveted south facing position, has been completely 
refurbished to a very high standard, exuding an air of luxury throughout.  

The breath-taking 360 degree views from its three terraces take in Mijas golf course and out to sea, as well as inland towards the mountains. 

Filled with light, the upper level of the house comprises a spacious lounge/dining room with a feature fireplace, an impressive vaulted ceiling and one of the three en-suite bedrooms. The upper terrace and roof terrace, with their lovely open views, are fitted with outdoor lighting and are accessible from the lounge. 

The lower level of the property features two spacious bedrooms, each with en-suite bathroom. A fully fitted, good sized kitchen with fridge-freezer, wine chiller, electric oven and hob and plenty of work surfaces. The private swimming pool is a rarity at this development and, together with a patio, is conveniently accessible from this level. 

The house is available fully furnished, and benefits from a garage with lockable storage.

About the Surroundings: This unique, Andalusian style village is perched on a hill with extensive views across to the sea and the Mijas mountains. Beautiful gardens, picturesque fountains and four lovely communal swimming pools with sun decks and loungers are connected by a labyrinth of pretty walkways that truly capture the Moorish character on which it is styled.

Fully maintained by a team of gardeners and maintenance workers throughout the year, Puebla Aida Mijas is perfect both for holiday or year-round homes. Puebla Aida is located within the grounds of the Mijas Golf complex with two 18 hole golf courses designed by Robert Trent Jones Snr – Los Lagos and Los Olivos. Puebla Aida is only 22 minutes from Malaga Airport, 10 minutes from Fuengirola, 25 minutes from the Cosmopolitan resorts of Marbella and 30 minutes to the jet-set resort of Puerto Banus. 

Townhouse, Mijas Golf, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 153 m², Terrace 73 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Communal, Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Golf, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, WiFi, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Domotics, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Security : Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Golf, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
