EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY in a recently reopened apart-hotel, in BelAir, Estepona, very close to the beach. The Hotel Oh Nice Caledonia is located on the Costa del Sol, famous for its attractive coastline, its rich Mediterranean history and its versatility as a tourist destination.
If you are looking for an investment, here are a few reasons why buying a suit at the Oh Caledonia aparthotel is a fantastic idea. 
The hotel´s standard King rooms are the perfect place for two people. They have natural light and large areas with a terrace, a double bed or two single beds, and services and details for your comfort such as free Wi-Fi, a safe and much more. 
The hotel offers a unique and incomparable variety of Andalusian flavours through its Sierra Bermejo restaurant. The hotel has a privileged location that allows you to relax and practice sports as golf and Tennis amongst others.
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES: When you purchase a suit in Oh Caledonia aparthotel, the hotel is in charge of managing your property, and pays you €4,500 yearly. In addition it is responsible for its maintenance, including community fees, electricity, water, furniture and appliances. You can enjoy your stay in the hotel for 8 weeks in a year, 4 weeks in low season and 4 weeks in high season.
While all that said, I am sure you will have a fantastic time while enjoying a comfortable stay at Oh nice Caledonia Hotel.

Middle Floor Apartment, Bel Air, Costa del Sol.
1 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, Built 61 m², Terrace 3 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Forest.
Orientation : West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Indoor, Heated, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Gym, Marble Flooring, Bar, 24 Hour Reception, Restaurant On Site.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Communal, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Bargain, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment.
