This south east La Torre 3 bed first floor apartment offered for sale is in a very good condition and  also comes with all furniture and private garage space..  beautiful views of the pool and mountain, a very bright sunny apartment l, it also has use of a secret garden area at the foot of the apartment block access via the pool and gardens.. 

High quality specifications feature throughout with every apartment benefiting from cream marble floors, fully fitted designer kitchen and hot and cold A/C. All properties have underground car parking, lift access and in addition some have storerooms.

La Torre is a gated community of 136 properties within Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club consisting of three phases of apartments and penthouses, each just three storeys in height. Surrounded by landscaped tropical gardens, La Torre boasts four swimming pools and views over the Los Arqueros golf course, lake, pools, mountain and some benefiting from a sea view.

Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, located just minutes from Marbella, the world famous Puerto Banus and the traditional Spanish town of San Pedro de Alcantara and set amongst the foothills of Sierra de Ronda, Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club offers a combination of spectacular surrounding scenery, open spaces and exceptional views over the Mediterranean sea. 
Los Arqueros is more than an urbanisation is spread around the sleek green fairways of the Sevi Ballesteros-designed 18-hole course. High quality prevails in each of the Taylor Wimpey built properties. High-spec kitchens, sizeable terraces, gardens and pools are just some of the benefits within each. Whatever your taste or requirement, your needs will be met with attention to detail afforded at every opportunity. 

Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, as its name suggests, provides more than a challenging course with stunning surrounds. Other great facilities, such as the tennis, paddle & squash courts, gym, driving range, Pro shop, 2 restaurants, bar and Sport bar with ten-pin all on site.