Imagine a life where you welcome guests from all over the world in your own charming Cortijo Hotel or luxury B&B, with plenty of private space at your disposal. Does that sound appealing!
This stately cortijo offers spacious accommodation, with every imaginable facility, developed for a hassle-free holiday rental! Cosy evenings in the beautiful gardens with phenomenal views over the beautifully lit Alora and solar valley.

This beautiful property has been a luxury B&B for years, with 7 guest rooms with private bathrooms, owner's house with horse licence (OCA), fully licensed by the Junta de Andalucia Tourism Department and located in beautiful Alora (Malaga). 
This authentic Spanish village is about 35 minutes from Malaga, the Mediterranean beaches and the Costa del Sol international airport. In this village of about 18,000 inhabitants, all amenities for everyday use are available. There are several primary schools and two secondary schools, medical centre, sports facilities and a train connection to Malaga and the coastal towns on the western side of the city (Torremolinos to Fuengirola).

Arriving, via a paved road, at this beautiful location, the first thing we see is the concrete access road sloping up to the entrance. There is ample parking to accommodate about 10 cars. You immediately encounter the tradition of Andalusia, as behind the car park is the pasture for the horses.
The building and rental accommodations are very spacious and have a built-up area of about 650 m2 on 33000 m2 of land.

Private residence:
The beautiful private house has plenty of space, a practical layout and a number of rooms that make the work associated with holiday rentals very pleasant.
Within the private section, there is a large covered breakfast room that connects to the spacious kitchen and two warehouses to provide your guests with a delicious breakfast, homemade lunch or a fantastic dinner! There is also a separate room for linen.
You enter the property through the beautiful conservatory with great views. This area is used by the current owners as a place to stay but can also be part of your own restaurant. It is possible to apply for a restaurant licence to receive guests who are not staying in the cortijo!
The private house has three bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a spacious living room and a very large room that can be used for multiple purposes. The room upstairs also has its own bathroom and small kitchen and can be accessed via a separate entrance.
Behind the house is a private patio enclosed by a high wall. A lovely place to enjoy for the owners of this beautiful cortijo!

Holiday rentals:
This cortijo has been operating as holiday rental accommodation for many years and has a hotel licence. This means there is the opportunity to pamper your guests in a culinary way and generate the ultimate holiday feeling in your guests. 
Guests are accommodated in six (or seven) Andalusian-style casitas (converted stables) in every comfort. All six casitas have vaulted antique beamed ceilings, their own private terraces, handmade wooden built-in wardrobes, minibar, air conditioning and their own meter cupboard. 
Five casitas overlook the beautifully landscaped garden with, in the centre, the large (salt water) swimming pool of 12 x 8 metres and the mountains surrounding the beautiful property.
One of these casitas is currently equipped as a gym (fitness and cardio) but can easily be converted into accommodation to let.
In addition, there are two Premium casitas attached to the main building of the Cortijo. These two accommodations have a larger surface area. The interior is stylish and luxurious. A nice extra is the television that disappears into the frame of the bed.
For the ultimate experience, it is good to know that these Premium Casita´s were formerly used as stables and storage for fodder for the farm.

The unit is equipped with good Wi-Fi, satellite TV and IPTV. 

OUTSIDE SPACE:
The plot has paved access, a beautifully landscaped garden with walking paths, a large saltwater pool with technical room, solar water heaters, a wooden casita for garden tools and a plot for horses (with OCA licence, shelter and fence with low voltage).
This unique cortijo has a capacity of 14 guests and can benefit from rural tourism all year round because it is located in an area that attracts tourists who want to enjoy outdoor activities and a wonderful stay in Andalusia. Special mention should be made of: El Caminito del Rey, El Chorro, El Torcal, Malaga and its surrounding villages and beautiful nature.

It is possible to extend the accommodation, on our own grounds, with mobile units or wooden chalets. There has already been contact with the municipality about this.

Electricity is connected to the general facilities, water is supplied via the municipality from El Torcal. The property and accommodations are equipped with three septic tanks. 

With the sale of this property, a firm takeover of inventory, current bookings, social media accounts, website and cooperation with booking sites is obligatory for the price of €75,000, plus 3% tax.

We would love to show you this unique cortijo!



