Lovely 2 bedroom ground floor apartment with large garden terrace located in PHASE 1 of the popular development of La Maestranza, within walking distance to shops, Puerto Banus and the beach.

The apartment is east facing and consists of a large open garden terrace of approximately 34 m2 and a constructed area of approximately 100m2. 

The apartment is very light as the living area, kitchen and both bedrooms all face towards the garden, as well as having direct access to the garden terrace. 

The master bedroom has its own en-suite bathroom and there is an additional guest bathroom plus a separate storage area. There is plenty of scope to either open up the kitchen to create a more open living area, or alternatively to create a 3rd bedroom from the kitchen.

The terrace leads onto an internal courtyard of the urbanisation, so there is no road noise and whilst easterly facing it still has plenty of sun. 

The apartment is conveniently located just a short walk from the main swimming pool.

The apartment has a reserved parking space in the underground parking. 

La Maestranza is an extremely popular Andalucian style white urbanisation, with a very large main swimming pool plus a small heated swimming pool, plus a children`s pool. It is secure, with 24 hour security and a security officer at the entrance. 

There are shops, supermarkets and restaurants all within a few minutes walking distance and the Centro Plaza shopping centre is a short walk . Puerto Banus and the beach are also within walking distance.

Particular positive features of this property are:

1. Long frontal distribution with the living area, kitchen and both bedrooms all leading directly onto the garden terrace so there is plenty of light.
2. A large private garden area that is only partially covered so there is plenty of sun and plenty of space for dining, taking the sun or relaxing.
3. The potential to create an open-plan kitchen and/or create a 3rd bedroom.
4. A storage / utility area within the apartment. 
5. Proximity to the main swimming pool.
6. Located on a popular, well maintained gated development in an excellent location close to all amenities with security, storage and underground parking
7. Community fees are very reasonable given the facilities.

Details are correct to the best of our knowledge; however, they are subject to verification and thus not contractual.
