IMPRESSIVE DESIGN VILLA WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS TO THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA, COSTA DEL SOL

Andalusian style, immaculate property in great condition. 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, 1 toilet, sauna, private infinity pool overlooking the sea. Very quiet and very private area to enjoy the tranquility and atmosphere of the area. The property consists of 623 m2 built on a 10,000m2 plot. 360º view of golf, mountains, sea and more.
Upon arriving at the property, passing through its automatic gate, you reach a road that leads to the entrance of the property, easily parking more than 10 cars inside it.

You enter a very stylish hall, it is a property that combines the rustic Andalusian style and the modern. On this floor we find 2 very spacious rooms with direct access to the infinity pool area, a dining area for more than 14 diners, a large kitchen of the highest standing, a large pantry prepared for large events, a barbecue, infinity pool of more than 60 square meters heated, gardens in perfect condition, area of ​​fruit trees. On this floor we also have access to the rest of the property's floors, including a separate one for the service apartment.
If we go up to the second floor we find a reception area that gives access to a large main room, completely private from the rest of the house, in it we have a bathroom with all the necessities en suite and a large L-shaped dressing room. Here we have access to a terrace with great views of the pool, sea, mountains of Mijas and golf course.

On the ground floor we have the basement area, which can be adapted for a games room, cinema, gym, whatever suits you best with more than 80 square meters and access to the garden, 3 bedrooms, one of them with an en-suite bathroom and another bathroom to share between both rooms. From this floor we have direct access to the Sauna area with a complete bathroom for the pool area.

The property has double glazing in all its rooms, all of them being large and has a water tank of 50,000 liters of water to keep as a reserve and use for the house. It has air conditioning and central heating.
A house to enjoy the surroundings, the tranquility and the proximity to all services.

25 minutes to Marbella
10 minutes from Cala de Mijas
10 minutes from Fuengirola
25 minutes from Malaga Costa del Sol AGP International Airport
2 minutes from golf
2 minutes from the field and hiking area.

If you are looking for something exclusive, do not hesitate to visit it.