This large contemporary villa sits on a double plot with a southerly orientation and looking straight down the valley/golf course to the sea.

Entering at road level guests are immediately amazed at the double height space which is glassed from floor to ceiling. On this level are two huge master suites with golf and sea views.

From the entrance, a sweeping staircase take you down to the main living area. Also on this floor is a seperate kitchen, a utility room, another huge bedroom suite and an office which is large enough to be a fourth bedroom if more bedrooms are required in the main house.

From the lounge and kitchen there is access to the garden which has covered and uncovered terraces overlooking the infinity pool which leads onto a lawned garden. There is a second tier of lawned garden and below this is a private orchard where the owners can grow their own fruit and vegetables. From the terrace you can also access a two storey guest apartment (or luxury staff quarters) which is currently being completely refurbished. This can be accessed without entering the main house.

The basement consists of a games room, large cinema, gym, spa and laundry room. The gym open out onto the second tier of garden.

The main house is currently configured with 3x huge master suites and an office which is large enough to be a fourth bedroom. Additionally, one of the 3 suites in the house could be made into 2 bedrooms with a Jack & Jill bathroom if another bedroom was required. 

There is also a double garage and other parking space within the gates of the property.  

Located in Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, the property has easy access to the AP7 road  which means the the airport can be reached in 45 minutes. Puerto Banus and San Pedro de Alcantara can be reach in just over 10 minutes and Marbella, Estepona and Benahavis village (the gastronomic capital of the Costa del Sol) are all under a 20 minutes drive away. 

Inside Los Arqueros there is the golf clubhouse, a gym, a haridresses, tennis courts, a bowling alley and a bar. The nearest amenites outside the community, including a supermarket, organic supermarket, pharmacy, dry cleaners, cashpoint, and several bars and restaurants, are just a couple of minutes drive away. 

The details are:-

Plot size 2025 m2
Interior 655 m2
Terraces/pool 300m2
3 x master bedrooms
Office / Study / 4th bedroom
5 x bathrooms + guest cloakroom
Cinema
Gym with sauna
Games room
2 storey guest apartment / staff accomodation.