Villa Vida Del Mar is a contemporary bright home, just steps away from Marbesa´s beautiful sandy beach

Built to a very high standard, Villa Vida del Mar is strategically located near Elviria. The 3 level property is over 500m2 built and sits on a corner plot just 50 meters from the beach and a 5 minute walk to Simbad Beach restaurant. The home is fully decorated with a beautiful blend and carefully chosen designer interiors, warm fabrics, wooden features, garden planters and overall, an elegant decoration.

Villa Vida Del Mar is a testament to architectural excellence. The property is the perfect fusion between contemporary luxury design and the very best of Andalusian craftsmanship. It's southern orientation offers modern day living incorporating natural elements. Solid construction and high-quality materials are evident throughout the home, with attention to detail to meet the standards of the most discerning clients.

As soon as you enter the main hall, the stunning and breath-taking garden view becomes a permanent backdrop of greenery within the home. The elegant living area with ethanol fire place is an open plan area for comfortable living and dining with impressive ceiling height and large windows enhancing the feeling of space and light. The kitchen is open plan and includes Gaggenau appliances. Every attention to detail has been thought of in the kitchen from the large island with an incorporated champagne cooler and coffee corner.

Direct access is given to the large covered and uncovered terraces, a complement to enjoy outdoor living offering privacy and a place to take delight in the spectacular swimming pool, sun deck and tropical landscaped designer garden. The solarium terrace offers the magnificent panoramic views of the Mediterranean with an array of colours at sunrise and sunset.

Villa Vida Del Mar is well located in Marbesa, a highly sought residential area with detached quality homes. It offers south orientation and is close to local amenities and golf courses. The best sandy beaches are at your doorstep with places of interest such as Elvira, Marbella or Puerto Banus one of the world's most exclusive yachting harbours, just a short drive away.