It is the first certified passive house on the Costa del Sol:! Villa Sol y Viento started as a dream: The dream of a living in one of the most beautiful and comfortable places on earth. The desire to live in a modern, innovative and ecologically sustainable dream-home with a stunning sea view and more than 300 days of sun every year. With a terrace that lets you see the African mountains 150 kilometers across the Mediterranean Sea while enjoying a Rioja at the end of another day in paradise. This dream can become your reality! The urbanization BuenaVista has a very trustworthy management, is financially healthy and supports a friendly and open neighborhood.This home is the first certified passive house on the Costa del Sol: A real architect‘s house – designed, built and inhabited by a German architect, Extremely high building quality– a German construction company and building inspection, all year round good and comfortable levels of temperature, air quality and humidity
A young, innovative, sustainable home with many options. 
Main features:
1.Comfortable plus-energy-home: Extremely low energy consumption combined with high own
production of electricity and hot water through solar panels on the roof
2. Constant fresh, natural and filtered air in the house through the automated ventilation system
3. Comfortable temperatures in the entire home – in summer and winter
4. Almost barrier-free in the entire ground floor, garden and terrace area
5. The house has all pre-installations for an elevator and a chimney/pellet stove
6. The insulated saltwater pool is on level with the terrace, minimizing waves. It can be heated with the solar panels as well as with a special heat pump; it has an insulating cover that makes it safe for small
kids when it is closed and keeps the pool clean and warm.
7. Smarthome with KNX/Instabus regulation for lights and shutters, also via your smart phone
8. Multi functional room (70m2) with big windows and terrace sea facing for hobby, party, fitness, art,work...
9. Extra apartment for guests, nanny, rentals or for the use of a multi-generation home
10. Stable and solid construction with a thermal insulation composite system, completely documented
11. Big garden with many fruit trees as well as a tree house for kids – to play and recharge
12. 180 degree stunning views of the sea, mountains, Africa, the cities of Fuengirola and Mijas, you can
sometimes even see fireworks on the beach as well as wonderful daily sunsets
A very clean, well kept, sought after and quiet urbanization with great connections: By car your are in 2 minutes on the highway A 7, 4 minutes at super markets or restaurants, 10 minutes at the beach 15 minutes at big Shopping Malls (Plaza Mayor, Parque Miramar).18 minutes at Málaga airport, 30 minutes at Málaga or Marbella town cente. You will find all kinds of international/multilingual schools nearby.