A magnificent villa situated at the foot of the beautiful surroundings of the Natural Park of &#039;Los Reales&#039;, less than a 10 minute drive from Estepona town centre and the beach. This charming estate boasts a wonderful three bedroom hillside house which has been tastefully restored whilst retaining the charm of its Andalusian roots. It is set in approximately one acre of Mediterranean gardens with numerous terraces and typical patios allowing you to choose between sun and shade at any time of the day. The spacious villa consists of an entrance hall leading to the imposing living room with a dining table for up to eight guests. The lounge enjoys magnificent views of the gardens and the sea through sliding windows leading to the lounge balcony with an additional 'al fresco' dining area. The long and spacious kitchen is fully equipped with quality appliances, a second television and a dining area for four next to the kitchen fireplace. The kitchen leads to the separate dining area with a beautiful view of the mountains and forest. It has seating for six, a fireplace, a piano and a separate air conditioning unit. This property offers three elegant bedrooms. The first bedroom is located on the ground floor and has a private bathroom with a bathtub, shower, WC and washbasin. It has air conditioning, flat screen TV and access to the patio terrace with dining table and additional chairs. The second bedroom with en suite bathroom is also located on the ground floor and is equipped with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning. It has a modern bathroom with a large shower, toilet and washbasin. From the bedroom there is access to the main terrace with stunning views. The third bedroom is located on the first floor and has two single beds that can be pushed together to make a super king, with an open bathroom with shower, toilet and washbasin. It has a flat screen TV, air conditioning and access to a private balcony with stunning sea, mountain, pool and garden views. This beautiful villa also has two bathrooms and a large games/relax room with pool table, pinball machine, cinema projector and new sofas. There is a laundry room and a terrace with dining area for four facing the mountains, which can be accessed from the games room. From the lounge and kitchen there is access to a patio/terrace with outdoor furniture and a built-in bar with two fridges and a sink. Steps lead down to the heated swimming pool with separate children&#039;s pool and sun terrace on one side and a separate patio with barbecue, dining area, Jacuzzi and table tennis table on the other. In addition to the patios and gardens, there is an annex located on the lower level.