Unique and spectacular gran villa that will surprise and enchant you from the moment you step into the foyer!  Very special and simply must be seen!
This villa in El Paraiso Medio is set on an elevated position facing west, where you can enjoy beautiful sunsets with spectacular panoramic views, overlooking El Paraiso Golf course and the mountains. Originally built in 1998, it has been totally renovated in 2023 including all installations. The best materials and surfaces have been used and it is being sold furnished and decorated, with reversible air conditioning throughout the house and possible underfloor heating on first floor.
You enter this "Boutique Hotel" villa type through a welcoming lobby with a bar, on this level are 3 independent, very spacious guest suites all with en-suite bathrooms with two washbasin and Italian brand showers/bath, bay windows including mosquito net looking at the pool, a living space corner, plenty of wardrobes, a TV, WiFi, safe in wardrobes and more. Stepping outside the suites you will find a large terrace that leads to the magnificent garden and swimming pool to be enjoyed every day of the year.
On this same floor, direct access from the pool to the Spa with a sauna, a Turkish bath, showers, and a rest room. To complete that same level, a gym room with latest Technogym machines and a movie corner welcomes you to warmup before a golf tournament or to stretch after. A golf parking area for three buggies with your golf bags on, ready to go and play on any of the three golf courses close by.
On the first floor, through the hall you get to the generous living room with a magnificent stoned fire place, dining area, a bar room from one side and an office with a view on the other side. A large kitchen separated from the dining area with iron rod windows and a built-in Vinoteca. A fourth spacious bedroom with en-suite bathroom is also on the first floor. The entire floor has access to a wide terrace with panoramic views. 
Finally, the top floor of approximately 100m2 includes the master bedroom suite, with its dressing room and very spacious bathroom with a double shower and a bathtub. This floor enjoys a large terrace with breathtaking view over El Paraiso.
There is also another beautiful garden located in the back of the house with mature fruit trees with oranges, avocados, pears, medlars, clementines, and more.

El Paraíso, as the Spanish name suggests, "The Paradise", is a pleasant residential area located just 10 minutes from both Marbella and Estepona and less than 45 minutes' drive from Málaga and Gibraltar airports. El Paraíso is divided into 3 areas: Paraíso Alto (the most elevated zone), Paraíso Medio (the zone in the middle closer to the golf course) and Paraíso Barronal (which is the lower zone next to the beach on the New Golden Mile). The areas offer luxury villas, apartments, and townhouses in a peaceful and beautiful environment. Home to the well-established Hotel El Paraíso and one of the coasts longest established 18-hole golf courses, El Paraíso Golf, designed by Gary Player, El Paraíso offers facilities for residents all year round and is a haven of peace and tranquility.
Strict building regulations have ensured that it remains a low-density residential area and the ease of life here is complimented with all amenities such as a commercial center with restaurants, shops, cafes and all the services one could desire as well as several international schools in close proximity.


