Lovely, charming country property located on the northwest side of Coín, just off the A-366, 500 meters from the main road. The house sits on the side on a hill and access is driving over a small river that runs at the bottom of the property, it offers lovely mountain views and complete privacy. There is also a pedestrian bridge that runs over the river. 

The house is distributed over two floors and offers a quirky layout and rustic décor. A large, covered terrace welcomes you into the kitchen. It is a spacious bright room offering lots of natural light with space for a dining area, followed by a separate living room with log burner. Past the living room is a good size family bathroom with bathtub, shower and double basin. 

Past the bathroom is another room that could be used as a study/office and along from that, is a double bedroom. A wooden staircase leads up to the second floor where you will find a second bedroom with lovely wooden floors and vaulted ceilings and a WC. From this bedroom there is direct access out onto the roof terrace. The 3rd bedroom is located on the other side of the roof terrace, but you can also access it internally from the main living room. 

The plot of just over 9.000 m2 is mainly steep and doesn't require much maintenance, although there is a flat piece of land located at the top of the property and the house offers parking for about 3 cars in front of the house. 

This home has a lovely Andalusian feel surrounded by mature vegetation offering plenty of shade. It has mains electricity and water from a private well. It also has central heating throughout and wooden windows with shutters throughout. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.