Stunning three bedroom apartment located in the highly coveted frontline beach Mare Nostrum building in Marbella town. The building offers breathtaking panoramic views of the Mediterranean Sea, African mountains and Marbella's coastline; and is part of the resort-style Los Cipreses del Mar complex that is undoubtedly one of the most upmarket areas in Marbella centre. All amenities are at hand, and you can access the beach in less than 1 minute. La Fontanilla Beach is one of the best beaches in the town, with excellent establishments and charming chiringuitos. The residential complex has well-kept gardens and lush greenery providing a serene escape from the hustle and bustle of the town, and a heated swimming pool that is exclusively for residents to enjoy. Concierge service and 24-h surveillance and security service for the residents' peace of mind and comfort The 5th floor frontline beach apartment of 195 m2 plus wonderful terraces of 46 m2 has south/east orientation and a breathtaking view of the Mediterranean Sea. As you step inside, you are immediately impressed by the grandeur of the entrance hall, which leads into the spacious and bright open-plan living and dining area, perfect to entertain guests or relax with a family. The fully equipped, functional kitchen has a separate breakfast area. Providing ample space and privacy, the property features three generously sized bedrooms, two of them with en-suite bathrooms. Each bedroom is equipped with large windows that allow for plenty of natural light to get in. Beautiful smoky marble floors throughout add a touch of luxury to the spaces. The large terrace is the perfect place to relax and unwind. It accommodates seating, dining and entertainment areas, making it the ideal spot for al fresco dining or hosting outdoor parties. The apartment also features four parking spaces in the underground garage. It comes for sale in good condition, with air conditioning, double glazed windows, glass doors, fitted wardrobes, video entrance, security shutters and lift.