Fantastic renovated penthouse duplex near Manilva

Well-run urbanisation that has just been painted and in the process of extensive renovation of all outdoor areas.

The apartment faces North-East and South-West, which means that there is a fantastic panoramic view of the Mediterranean Sea and the surrounding mountains. In addition, it is only a few minutes' drive down to cozy Duquesa Port and the adjacent beaches.

The apartment consists of 3 bedrooms | 2.5 bathrooms with underfloor heating | roof terrace + 3 terraces in apartment plan | private parking in an underground garage of almost 45 m2. with room for at least 2 cars and other storage.

The property has its own entrance at street level, where you also have a small garden that is looked after by the urbanisation. From here you enter the stair tower through the 1st main door (there is a doorbell with intercom) and are then led up to the 1st terrace on the first floor of the home. From this terrace you arrive at the 2nd front door and now enter the entrance to the apartment, where there is plenty of space to put your shoes and hang your outerwear.

The kitchen is fully equipped with an opening into the living room. The dining room, which is adjacent to the living room, has a level difference of one step and has direct access to a northeast facing terrace which includes a barbecue. – this terrace also has a magnificent view of the countryside, the sea and of Duquesa Village.
In addition, this floor consists of a guest toilet, a bedroom with built-in wardrobes and a small private south-west facing terrace. There is another bedroom that also has built-in wardrobes, with access to the north-east facing terrace.
At the end of the hallway on the left is one of the bathrooms on the left. On the right you will find a bright bedroom with built-in wardrobes and access to a north-east facing terrace (same terrace as from the living room) and an en-suite bathroom.

If you go back to the entrance and take the stairs from the entrance, you arrive at a large roof terrace of 85 m2. The terrace has an almost 360 view which is unique and must be seen. This is a rarity, even in Spain. The roof terrace includes a pergola which can be covered as well as a barbecue, furniture and deck chairs. Furthermore there is both water and electricity on the roof terrace.
