Detached Villa, Torrequebrada, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 480 m², Garden/Plot 1300 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South West, West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped, Easy Maintenance.
Parking : Garage, Covered, Street, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Photovoltaic solar panels, Solar water heating.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment.

Fantastic opportunity for Golf Lovers, and Quality of Life.

Spectacular VILLA with views of the Mediterranean Sea, spectacular views of the Mountain and the Torrequebrada Golf course, located in the heart of the best area of Torrequebrada.

It has 4 bedrooms on the first floor, all with bathroom on suite, large kitchen, living room with fireplace, terrace and one bedroom for employees on the ground floor. A floor that measures approximately 100 m2 distributed in a cellar area and bedroom with bathroom. The total of the square meter resulting 443 m2 built.It has solar panels for electricity and hot water.

The plot measures 1316 m2, with a saltwater pool, with plenty of space to enjoy the sun and the privacy of the mature and lush garden that this property offers you.

The Villa is located in a very privileged area in a very quiet, consolidated street, with high standard villas and is located 10 minutes walk from the beach, 15 minutes from Malaga International Airport and 20 minutes from the center of Malaga.

In the area you will find all kinds of services, such as restaurants, pharmacies, supermarkets, hotels and the well-known Gran Madrid | Torrequebrada Casino

Call us to organize the visit. A real OPPORTUNITY!

