New villa, building started, incredible views of the sea and Gibraltar in Punta Chullera, Manilva. Only 2 minutes drive to beach and 10 minutes to Sotogrande (golf courses, marina...).

Facing south, Villa Sunset (6 en-suite bedrooms) is the property for sale with the best views in Punta Chullera area. On an elevated plot of more than 1,000 m2, it offers panoramic views of the sea, Sotogrande, the Rock of Gibraltar and the African mountains. Paradisiacal beaches, very quiet, 2 minutes drive away.

Structure and foundation already built. An architectural project is included in the price (the project included, not the completion of the work). We can introduce you to the project architect and developers. The layout can be customized, if the new owners hire their own architect for the project.

Building license in order. Plot included within unit CH-3 (PGOU of Manilva) where the land is classified as residential - urban.

The villa is distributed on two floors, main and upper:

On the main floor: hall, living room with double height ceiling, reading room, kitchen-dining room, one bedroom suite, covered porch, gallery and open terrace with pergola that overlooks the pool of 8 x 4.15 meters. A guest toilet, garage and storage room, also on this floor.

On the upper floor: master suite with terrace and spectacular views of the sea; another 4 en-suite bedrooms (the villa has a total of 6 bedrooms).

The plot is practically rectangular in shape and has a surface area of 1,027.13 m2, according to the property deed.

Punta Chullera is a quiet residential area, mainly of villas. It has a privileged location, on the border between the provinces of Malaga and Cádiz; on high ground above the sea, it allows you to contemplate the entire coast as far as Gibraltar and the African coast.

Right below Punta Chullera we find Playa de los Toros, one of the best on the Costa del Sol: secluded, with intense blue waters and incredible views. For a good part of the year it gives the impression of a virgin beach. And a 3-minute drive away we find the wonderful beach of Cala Sardina.

A few minutes by car we find all kinds of services: the picturesque Puerto de la Duquesa, with its lively area of bars and restaurants; La Duquesa Golf Club, with privileged sea views; great beaches with lively beach bars; and less than 10 minutes by car, the 4 exceptional Sotogrande golf clubs, plus those of San Roque and La Alcaidesa. Gibraltar Airport is a 33-minute drive away.

In the direction of Marbella: the coastal town of San Luis de Sabinillas (with great beaches) is 12 minutes away; Estepona city, 25 minutes; San Pedro de Alcántara, 40 minutes; Puerto Banús, 45 minutes; and Marbella, 55 minutes.

THE PROPERTY INCLUDES
Structure and foundation finished
Architectural project

NEARBY SERVICES
Playa de los Toros: 2 minutes by car
Cala Sardina beach: 3 minutes by car
La Chullera beach, Aldea Beach: less than 5 minutes by car
Puerto de la Duquesa: 5 minutes by car
La Duquesa Golf Club: 5 minutes by car
Sotogrande golf clubs: less than 10 minutes by car
Sotogrande Marina: 10 minutes by car
Sotogrande Horse Riding: 10 minutes by car
Gibraltar Airport: 33 minutes by car