NEW TO MARKET


Sea views + South west facing + 1 mile to the beach + €26,000 worth of furniture included.

Includes TWO underground parking spaces and a store room.

New contemporary 2 bedroom/ 2 bathrooms luxury apartment with large covered terrace and bespoke furniture. 

Quality spacious beautifully finished apartment with large terrace and three swimming pools, set within a gated community with large open spaces and mature gardens. South west facing with sea views from the terrace.

Across the street from the 5 Star GL Finca Cortesin Hotel & Golf resort, where villas sell at up to €8,500,000+ Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt and their family stayed there and visited the Beach Club on their last visit to Spain. Barack Obama stayed there in June 2022 when attending a conference in Malaga city. Finca Cortesin is ranked No. 1 in the Top 5 resort hotels in Spain and Portugal and is ranked No. 11 in the Top 100 hotels in the world, and will host the Solheim Cup in 2023.

The construction qualities are excellent with cream marble floors with border, air conditioning (cold/hot), fully fitted kitchen with granite worktops, all appliances in Siemens including eye level microwave. Separate laundry room with washing machine. Video entry phone. Quality double glazed windows.

Bathrooms are in marble finish to walls and floors. A hydro massage bath is a feature in the master bedroom en-suite bathroom. Both bedrooms have built-in wardrobes with drawer pack. The master bedroom has access to the large main terrace. This apartment comes with two underground parking spaces beside each other and one store room.

Golf clubhouse, with bars and restaurant, terrace with sea views, Fitness Centre, Wellness Area and Beauty Salon within the gated macro-community.

4 minute drive to the beach
6 minutes drive to town
6 minute drive to nearest marina
7 minute drive to village on beach with castle from 1671
50 minute drive from Malaga Airport.
10 minute drive to Estepona Town.
15 minute drive to Puerto Banus.
20 minute drive to Marbella Town.

Close to the marinas of Duquesa, Sotogrande, Estepona and Alcaidesa.

Close to golf courses like Estepona Golf, Valdarrama, Finca Cortesin, San Roque, Almenara, Sotogrande, Alcaidesa, with many more a 15 – 20 minute drive away, as well as close to Supermarkets, Hospitals, Polo Club, Vineyards, Horse Riding, Watersports, Sailing, Hiking and Natural Parks.

This is the great opportunity to buy a quality apartment in an excellent location. 

Ideal for own holidays as well as rental income. This large luxurious apartment is ready now!

