Massive discount of  for a quick sale, now at 775.000€! Charming Andalusian style villa with panoramic views over the mountains and down to the coast, located in the exclusive Mijas Golf, in a beautiful natural environment.
This delightful villa with a warm and homely atmosphere is laid out over 2 storeys and is built on 2 adjoining plots. There is a beautiful mature and well-maintained garden with water features, petanque ground, a very large heated pool and outdoor Jacuzzi, with a lovely terrace around where you can relax and enjoy sun from sunrise to sunset.

Upon entering the villa, there is a reception hall leading to a bright dining room and to a very spacious lounge with fireplace, beautiful high ceiling, the entire ceiling is made of wooden beams and large windows that allow natural light to flood in. Both lounge and dining room open onto a large terrace with open views over the lush countryside and the sea. 

The terrace is equipped with glass curtains and a beautiful staircase that leads to the pool area. Very spacious kitchen, fully equipped with modern appliances, high quality and spacious work top, separate laundry room. The master bedroom is very roomy, featuring a large dressing area, en-suite bathroom, and it opens onto a private terrace.

On the lower floor, the villa accommodates 3 further bedrooms designed with style, all with access onto a large covered terrace, to the pool and to the garden. There is also a garage  plus a large workshop, ware house and summer kitchen.

Mijas Golf international is one of the most popular golf destinations on the Costa del Sol, 2 golf courses, a club house and a five Stars hotel offering restaurants, bars and a wellness and spa center. A fantastic location for golf lovers and families, for holidays or permanent living, to enjoy natural beauty and tranquility.

This property offers a great potential and must be seen!!

Bedroom: 4 | Bathroom: 3 | Built area: 438 m2 | Terrace: 50m2 | Orientation: S | Swimming-pool: 60m2 (heated) | Construction year: 2000

Airport: 25 min drive – Fuengirola Center: 12 min drive  - Golf : 3 min drive - Beach: 15 min drive  - Amenities: 10 min drive - Restaurants/Bars: 3 min drive - Public Transports: 7 min walk 

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!




