Short Description 

Unique renovated penthouse duplex in Aloha Royal, Los Naranjos, Golf Valley, Marbella.
Stunning sea and pool views
4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 
Master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and private terrace.
Spacious living and dining area with direct access to a terrace-porch
Modern open-plan kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances
Fireplace.
Wine room for wine connoisseurs.
Garage in the basement and large storage room.
Access to a communal pool sunbeds and beautiful gardens 
Low monthly community costs. 
Safe, quiet and upscale neighbourhood, ideal as permanent or second residence.
Surrounded by different famous Golf courses ideal for golf enthusiasts while close to all amenities, Peurto Banus, Marbella town and its stunning beaches.
Weekly rental price of 2500 euros


Long description 
Wonderful PENTHOUSE DUPLEX with fantastic sea views and common areas in  sought-after urbanization  Aloha Royal located in the hills of the Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia, Marbella.
It has an excellent location in a quiet and beautiful setting close to all amenities and services, the famous Puerto Banus and the beaches.
Surrounded by a variety of golf courses. Very nice  private urbanization with communal pool and beautiful gardens.

The property covers an area of 145 m2 and comprises of four bedrooms, three modern bathrooms, a bright and spacious living room with direct access to a wonderful terrace-porch, and a fully-equipped open plan kitchen. The bedrooms are well-proportioned and offer  built-in wardrobes.

The property has been nicely renovated  is south-facing, ensuring plenty of sunlight and warmth throughout the day.
It features  air conditioning and a cosy fireplace.
The enlarged front terrace is perfect for enjoying the stunning sea views and is ideal for outdoor dining.




This property has 145 m2 distributed in 4  bedrooms, 
a bright living-dining room with direct access to a wonderful terrace-porch,
 three bathrooms, and modern fitted and equipped kitchen.
It also includes garage and storage room.
Basic features
145 m² constructed area
4 bedrooms
3 bathrooms
Terrace
Parking space included 
Built-in closets
Storage room
South facing
Built in 2006
Central heating
2nd floor exterior
Air conditioning
Swimming pool
Green areas
8 sleeps plus a potential sofa-bed in the living
2500 weekly rental 
low  community fees, (150)