ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING! 298m2! 

We really are delighted to offer this simply incredible large pristine and key ready fully furnished four bedroom penthouse with the most incredible 166 m2 wrap around terrace. There simply isn't another like it in this beautiful location. A true credit to it's current owners. 

Located in the La Hacienda Urbanisation in Mijas Golf, Mijas. 

The urbanisation boasts 2 pools, 2 extra children's pools, 2 paddle tennis courts, basketball, football, two play areas and beautifully maintained tropical gardens. 

The 298m2 total build penthouse benefits from beautiful pristine marble floors throughout, a great size fully fitted kitchen with all quality appliances, separate utility room for storage and laundry and outside area with beautiful countryside views. A large open plan lounge dining room benefiting from air conditioning/heat with access to the most incredible terrace that you could wish for with the stunning panoramic views of the countryside. This property really is something special! 

The master bedroom is a great size with double his and hers Inter grated wardrobes, air conditioning and en suite including a bath/shower, WC, sink & bidet with marble throughout, patio doors to the terrace.

Bedroom two currently used as a twin bedroom with Air Conditioning, Inter grated wardrobes and double doors to the terrace. 

Bedroom three also benefiting from Inter grated wardrobes, Air Conditioning and double doors to the terrace. 

Bedroom four also benefiting from inter grated wardrobes and patio doors to the terrace. 

Large Family bathroom 
Guest bathroom with sink, W/C  and bidet with pristine marble throughout and natural light window. 

The terrace blows everything out of the water with more space than you could imagine.. fully wrap around terrace with all morning, day and evening sun with spectacular countryside views, pool and garden and mountain. There simply is space for everything and is currently boasting sunbathing, bbq, hot tub, dining areas… simply incredible for entertaining. There are shaded areas, a toldo for a current dining area and outside lighting… This property is an investors dream, with huge all year round demand from tourist/golfers with a substantial ROI. This penthouse would also make the most incredible home or holiday home for a large family. 

Large Family bathroom with Bath/Shower, bidet, W/C & sink.. fully sorted with marble
and natural light window. 

Guest bathroom with sink, W/C  and bidet with pristine marble throughout with natural light window. 

Private underground secure parking and a trastero for additional storage. 

This property is an incredibly substantial size and will not be on the market for long as there is simply nothing else like it. 

The costs such and IBI and community fees are low and the community has a very healthy balance. 

Located perfectly for all amenities such as a school, bars, restaurants, supermarkets etc only 10 minutes to La Cala, 8 to Fuengirola, there is a bus route and just next door is Parque El Esparragal (BBQ park) there are plenty of great protected natural areas for walks and bike rides and everything is on your doorstep. 
