OPPORTUNITY! Charming single storey villa ideally located near Marbella center in a quiet residential area and close to all amenities. The property has been through complete renovation although keeping its Andalusian style. Set on a large fully private corner plane plot with landscaped mature garden, the property is composed of the main villa with 3 spacious bedrooms and a lovely guest cottage by the pool ideal for a family of 4. A welcoming entrance hall is leading into a large and bright living / dining-room with fireplace, giving direct access to a wide and beautiful covered terrace overlooking the extensive swimming-pool (heated) and tropical garden beautifully lighted at nigth. The villa offers 4 large bedrooms, 3 of which en-suite with beautiful bathroom, the fourth bedroom an adjoining bathroom, beautiful fully equipped kitchen with dining area and made-to-measure tableware furniture, guest toilet, office, large utility room and pantry, which can be rehabilitated as a garage, large driveway for up to 3 cars, game room, cellar and storage room..  Main garden of 1966m², with numerous fruit trees (mangoes, bananas, kiwis, avocados, oranges, lemons, mandarins, figs, quinces, pomegranates), The villa also offers a second adjoining land of 439m² with possibility to build 160m² villa.
The villa has been completely refurbished in 2017 and 2023 including new electricity wiring, air conditioning individually controlled in every room, burglarproof double glazing windows, mosquito nets, electric shutters, alarm system with CCTV cameras (indoor&outdoor), perimeter system, swimming-pool with heat pump and submerged electric cover-up system, new irrigation system and piping, Optical fiber in the guest cottage and in the main villa, the roof has also been completely re-done... NOT TE BE MISSED!!!
Bedrooms: 4 | Bathrooms: 4+1WC | Inside area: 365m2 | Terrace: 47m2 | Orientation: S | Swimming-pool: 86m2 (heated) | Construction year: 1980, renovated 2017 & 2023 

Airport: 35 min drive – Marbella Center: 3 min drive - Puerto Banus: 8 min drive - Golf : 5 min drive 5 - Beach: 5 min drive & 20 min walk  - Amenities: 3 min drive - Restaurants/Bars: 3 min drive - Public Transports: 15 min walk & 2 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date.  Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

