Mordern and spacious 3-bedroom apartment in the very popular The View complex. Access the beautiful balcony from the open living/dining area, providing a generous space for dining and a relaxing sofa area. The modern kitchen seamlessly integrates with the open plan, filled with natural light. Enter your apartment easily from your 2 private parking spaces. With convenient access to Malaga and Marbella, The View offers the feeling of easy, luxurious living.

The View, Fuengirola, a luxurious and modern community offering a boutique development of 59 contemporary 2-3 bedroom apartments. You will find a complete Wellness Club that caters to your every need. With three swimming pools, including a rooftop pool, an infinity pool, and an indoor pool. Stay active in the well-equipped fitness area, unwind in the sauna and Turkish bath, or simply relax on the sundecks with comfortable sun loungers.

Situated just opposite Castillo Sohail and in close proximity to the Miramar shopping center, The View offers the perfect location. With only a 5-minute walk to the beaches of Fuengirola and 3-minute walk to the shops and restaurants. 

The View is not just a place to live; it is a lifestyle concept that caters to luxury and contemporary living. This development presents a great investment opportunity for holiday rentals or a high-quality option for private living. Enjoy the views of the Mediterranean Sea, indulge in the exclusive services of the Wellness Club, Golfsimulator and putting-range, co-working spaces, and create unforgettable memories from the rooftop lounge, where you can see and hear Marenostrum concerts, host private parties, and immerse yourself in the views of Fuengirola. 

The apartment is designed with attention to detail. Enjoy the convenience of built-in cabinets, electric shutters, and curtains in all bedrooms. The entire apartment is equipped with air conditioning controlled by Airzone, maintaining the perfect climate throughout. The master bedroom with heated floors controlled by Air Zone, providing optimal comfort. The bathrooms feature floor heating by Air Zone as well. The kitchen showcases Siemens appliances, while the dining and living areas offer the convenience of electric curtains.

Additional features includes two spacious parking spots, one specifically designed for electric cars, as well as a storage room. 

For further information and to arrange a viewing at The View, contact us today.