Exceptional Duplex of 150m2 completely renovated with 55m2 of private garden and terrace in urb. Luxury "altos de Marbella" with 24 hour security, swimming pools and gardens with sea views!!! And parking at the entrance door.


The house is distributed over two floors as follows:

Main floor:
As we enter we find a 44m2 private garden, which has been completely renovated with a non-slip natural stone floor, with electric awnings and a chill out area. We enter the house through wide doors with a fully glazed façade letting in all the natural light (west facing) and we find ourselves in its spacious living-dining room and kitchen, all distributed, decorated and furnished with harmony and taste. At the end of this room we access three large bedrooms which have fitted wardrobes and two large bathrooms also with hydromassage showers.

Basement:
This floor is accessed by comfortable designer stairs, this room is the jewel of the property, it will delight any type of activity that you want to carry out in it, since it also has natural light, air conditioning and through its windows natural air 52 m2 of inspiration to create your own gym, game room, home cinema, fine arts studio, office... what inspires you? Here you can create it!!!!

Also at the back of the house you have a terrace surrounded by nature to have a second outdoor environment where you can enjoy the silence.

Completely renovated, with security doors, PVC closures, top brand appliances, massage showers in bathrooms, air conditioning, furniture included.

Its common areas are dreamy, since a few meters from the property we have a large pool surrounded by more than 1000m2 of private gardens with exotic trees and incredible views of the sea!!!! Also children's pool.

24 hour security, private gardening service, cleaning and care of swimming pools, community gardens and common areas


Privileged location, next to the prestigious Santa Clara and Marbella Golf courses, a few minutes from the Shopping Center "La Cañada" or Beach Club such as "Nikki Beach"

Life is beautiful, if you also wake up in this paradise everything will flow like you always dreamed of!!!
What are you waiting for to visit it?


Privileged location with nearby points of interest such as:
Nikki Beach
Shopping Center La Canada
Marbella Golf Country Club
Santa Clara Golf

Marbella Center 15min
Hospital Costa del Sol 8min
Malaga Airport 45min
