Stunning designer villa under construction on a 2.798 m²  plot with an attractive project is offered for sale in Los Flamingos, Benahavis, one of the most sought-after parts of the Marbella area. 

Surrounded by golf courses, beautiful nature, and high-end properties of the prestigious area, it is situated within the gated golf community famous for its luxury, epic panorama towards the Mediterranean Sea to Gibraltar and North Africa, and picture-perfect surroundings. 

The location is privileged, close to a wealth of amenities and 5* Villa Padierna Palace with its own 3 golf courses and a world-renowned SPA. It is minutes away from Puerto Banus, San Pedro, Nueva Andalucia, and other parts of Marbella, as well as Benahavis and Estepona. Malaga and Gibraltar international airports are less than an hour away.

The construction of a luxury 5bedroom villa of 1.384 m² has started on the offered plot, and by now 40% is built. If you want the project and key-ready villa, it will take 8 months to finish the house and the price will be € 6.5m. If you include a fabulous roof solarium with glass railings, Jacuzzi, shower, outdoor fireplace lounge and bar, and a basement with a heated indoor pool, sauna, steam bath, state-of-the-art media/cinema room, gym, and game area.

The project of the contemporary-style south/east-facing house will leave you impressed. It offers a welcoming hall; large living and dining areas with double-sided fireplace; an open plan kitchen with top equipment and massive island; home office; 5 bedroom suites; 6 bathrooms; 3 guest toilets, 4-car garage, storage, and laundry rooms, etc. The glass doors and floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall glazing will allow spectacular views of the golf, sea, and mountains. 

There will be everything you need for the world-famous indoor/outdoor Mediterranean lifestyle including an imposing infinity pool with a sunken lounge and sunbathing areas, a nice porch, chill-out, al fresco dining and bar areas to enjoy family gatherings, cool parties, and barbecues with friends. The landscaped garden will harmoniously integrate nature into the house design.

Built to the latest standards, the energy-efficient high-end home will come for sale with the latest home technologies and many luxurious features. Surveillance cameras, an alarm system, 24-h security service, and controlled entrance to the gated community will give you peace of mind. This large plot with an outstanding modern residence project suits perfectly its superb location within the 5-star Los Flamingos Golf Resort.