Attractive and cozy country house with AFO and fully furnished in El Ejido, Coín. 3,000 m2 plot, 160 m2 built, 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom and beautiful outdoor areas.

This fabulous house, with 78 m2 useful and completely renovated in 2017, has excellent finishes and a very good distribution. The entrance is through a hall, with a built-in wardrobe, which leads to a living-dining room with an integrated kitchen that has direct access to the large rear terraces that add up to an additional 82 m2. It also has 2 bedrooms and a bathroom with a bathtub.

There is a 60 m2 solarium on the first floor that enjoys beautiful views of the property and the natural surroundings. The outdoor terraces have light covers and permeable enclosures with vines that give it a very pleasant greenery and freshness, ideal for summer.

The plot is planted with 100 avocado trees and also has citrus and other fruit trees, all with automatic irrigation (Rain Machine) that you can control from your mobile.

With southeast orientation, the energy efficiency of the house is top quality. All windows are Climalit with mosquito nets, shutters and security bars. All exterior walls have Sika thermal isolation. It has electric heating, split type air conditioning (hot and cold), ceiling fans and a pellet stove in the living room. It also has photovoltaic solar panels that considerably reduce electricity consumption and that will soon be incorporated into the electricity grid to sell the surplus to the electricity company. The water supply for planting comes from a community well and that of the house is from the local network. The water heater is gas. And it also has a video intercom and a private alarm system that can be accessed from the mobile with security cameras.

The gardens and outdoor areas are very well maintained and have many amenities, such as a jacuzzi, removable pool, 1 toilet, 2 beautiful fountains, ceiling fans, ornamental plants, and storage rooms.

The house is located just 8 minutes from the center of Coín. The airport and the center of Marbella are 35 minutes away and the center of Malaga less than 40 minutes.