This immaculate and very well-presented country property is set on a plot of 3800m2, offering privacy and stunning scenery. The road access is very good, being a solid dirt track easily passable by car. The town of Coín is a short 15-minute walk away. You enter the plot though wrought iron gates onto a slab paved driveway with parking. To the left is an open car port currently used as a storage shed. The driveway flows onto a shaded terrace with direct access from the main kitchen. Here you also have an outdoor kitchen, which is perfect for alfresco dining. You immediately enter the house into a lovely traditional Andalusian kitchen, fully fitted with breakfast bar. The kitchen and living room are semi open plan, with a feature fireplace set as the focal point of the room. Throughout the property you will find wooden windows, frames, doors and exposed beams giving a rustic charm. In total there are four double bedrooms, with the master boasting an en-suite as well as a large family bathroom. The rear bedroom has direct access to a covered terrace which overlooks the stunning swimming pool and lawned garden. Beyond you will find a little casita with WC. 

Other features include covered terraces, utility room, fitted wardrobes, storage room, BBQ, town water, biological septic tank, and gas boiler. 

If you are looking for a private location with easy access to town, then this property may be for you. 

Viewings highly recommended. 


ABOUT COIN 

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards. 

Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C. 

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda. 

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'? 

Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos 

The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.