The ultimate one-of-a-kind property on the Costa del Sol. Penthouse One sits perfectly frontline in Marbella's Puente Romano resort. The unification of two duplex penthouses has been created to offer a seamless canvas of 454 m2 living space with unobstructed views towards the Mediterranean Sea and the backdrop of La Concha Mountain range.
The Puente Romano resort is the Mediterranean's vibrant place to be. This extremely sought after location on the Marbella Golden Mile is where you can indulge in elevated gastronomy, experience sensational nightlife, or play at the world-famous tennis club. This unique apartment sits within the Persian Gardens benefiting from 24-hour security and concierge service catering to any wish. Surrounded by lush tropicalgardens Penthouse One is a mediterranean beachfront paradise with true Andalusian spirit.
Built in complete harmony the seamless indoor/outdoor flow creates resort-style relaxation combined with inviting entertainment spaces. Boasting an impressive 454 m2 build size and 211 m2 of terraces, every space has been finished to the highest specification using natural elements and sophisticated furniture. Spanning over two levels this opulent beachfront apartment features six en-suite bedrooms with every corner of the property being thoughtfully curated. This impressive apartment opens up to two living areas, one with an ample bar perfect for entertaining and the other a place to relax on luxurious seating while each staying true to the style. Enjoy the Mediterranean weather on the spacious terraces with outdoor cooking area flooded with light and the sounds of the ocean. The state-of-the-art kitchen features Gaggenau and Miele appliances such as American fridge/freezer, integrated oven, and wine cooler along with ample storage space. The dining table has been perfectly integrated and allows each diner to enjoy the incredible sea views. The property also benefits from a separate laundry room with Miele washer and dryer, overflow fridge/freezer, and butler sink.
On the main living level you have four spacious en-suite bedrooms which have been decorated with beautiful attention to detail and designed to make the most of its capacity. The bedrooms benefit from views overlooking the sea or the breathtaking La Concha Mountain.
By private lift or staircase you will make your way to the lavish master suite where you will find the upmost serenity and unparalleled views to the Mediterranean. Luxurious interiors create a soothing ambience from the minute you walk in to the moment you drift off to the sound of the waves. With his-and-hers walk-in closets and bathrooms, this elegant space of majestic proportions ensures exquisite features and optimal comfort. This level also welcomes you to 5-star modern facilities including a gymnasium equipped with Technogym, heated pool with resistance swimming apparatus, and vast terrace space to enjoy the sunrises and sunsets.
This property is truly the most exceptional property currently on the market in the Puente Romano.

The Marbella Golden Mile began its journey in 1954 and quickly become the pinnacle of Marbella's elite with many celebrities and royalty spending their vacations here. The area has acquired its name due to the quality amenities, refinement of the properties and beauty of the prime beachfront setting. The Puente Romano Resort is situated in the heart of the Marbella Golden Mile offering endless opportunities for enjoyment and ultimate luxury. This stunning Andalusian village-style resort offers over twenty restaurants and bars, vibrant nightlife, tranquil spa and renowned tennis facilities hosting names such as Novak Djokovic and John McEnroe, making this beachfront location a truly special and unique destination.