Ground floor with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms of new construction with garden in Arroyo de la Miel.

Closed urbanization with swimming pool and solarium on the roof.

New home on the Costa Del Sol, in Arroyo de la Miel, Benalmádena, an urban and quiet area with all services around. One step away you will find schools, high schools, pharmacies, supermarkets... and only 900m from the Cercanías Train station, and with easy access to the Autovía del Mediterráneo, with just 10 minutes from the airport.


The EXCELLENCE BUILDING stands out for its beautiful communal pool with views of the sea and the mountains in the solarium, where we will also find showers and changing rooms. Given its location, you can enjoy the sun all day and all year.

The developer is committed to the lifestyle of the community and the comfort of its neighbors, creating spaces that stand out for their exclusivity and that favor personal relationships between them, for which the common areas have taken a leading role, going one step further with spaces designed to provide maximum comfort and entertainment for owners and their loved ones.


Typologies:

Ground floor with garden with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms

1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th floors with apartments with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, all with a terrace


Penthouses on the 5th floor with apartments with 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with large terraces and all orientations with sea views.


Solarium and community pool with great sea views on the 6th floor.

All the houses are exterior, spacious and bright, as well as wonderful terraces.

Your vehicle will be protected, thanks to the basement garage, from which you will have easy access to your home. Garage option from €15,000 and storage room from €3,000 (not included in the price).


Ventilated facade made up of ceramic plates, which stands out for its high quality, durable finishes, high aesthetic possibilities and indisputable thermal and acoustic insulation advantages.

Aerothermal system that works with a state-of-the-art heat pump designed to provide cooling in summer, heating in winter and hot water all year round.


Fully furnished American kitchen with a modern design and LED lighting under the wall units and equipped with all energy-efficient appliances according to current times.


Modern design and LED lighting in the main bedroom and living room, indirect lighting footlights are placed in ceiling recesses by means of LED strips equipped with intensity regulators in both rooms.

Aluminum carpentry with thermal bridge and double glazing type 'Climalit'.

In hall, living room, hallway and bedrooms: laminate floating flooring

Very comfortable, open, spacious and bright spaces

Expected delivery 1st quarter 2,025


VERIFIED QUALITY: ALL HOMES ARE SUBJECT TO A STRICT SUPERVISION BEFORE BEING DELIVERED.

Do not hesitate to contact us for more information.