Accessed up a concrete road, 1 km from the village, in a peaceful setting, offering privacy and nice mountains views; this is a lovely south facing three-bedroom, 3.5 bathroom finca located on the west side of Coín. You enter the property through motorized wrought iron gates onto a driveway that leads you down to the house where you will find a carport and additional open parking for several cars. 

To the front of the property is a covered terrace. Next to the carport are steps that lead down to the pool, summer kitchen and diner. The pool terrace is completely tiled and is surrounded by mature vegetation offering plenty of privacy. 

You enter the finca directly into the living area with fireplace, followed by a good size fully fitted kitchen with diner and high beamed ceilings. Next to the kitchen is a utility room, followed by a cloakroom. 

On the other side of the living room is a formal independent dining room. This floor has nice wooden vaulted ceilings throughout. 

From the living room, a staircase leads to the level below. Here you will find three double bedrooms, all with ensuite bathrooms. 

Other features include town water, AC throughout and 2 electric boilers, one for each floor. 

The property is in excellent condition throughout, offering a lovely rustic charm with exposed beamed ceilings, wooden doors and window frames with shutters. 

Step back outside to discover a beautiful, lush mature vegetation for privacy, pool terrace with views and ample space for lounging. Under this terrace is a large double garage. The plot is fully fenced and offers an abundance of olive trees. 


ABOUT COIN

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards. 

Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C. 

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda. 

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'?

Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos 

 The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.