Open to offers for a quick sale

Discover your ideal home in the exclusive area of Cancelada! This apartment has everything you need to enjoy a life full of comforts. Located in one of the most coveted areas of the region, surrounded by modern buildings and close to everything you need.

Imagine waking up every morning just 5 minutes from the beautiful Playa Guadalmansa, where you can enjoy the sun, sand and sea anytime you want. In addition, you will be a few minutes from the prestigious Villa Padierna Golf Club, where you can enjoy an unbeatable golf experience.

This apartment is also close to a variety of shops, so you'll never lack for anything. The Instituto Secundario Hormigó and the Racquet Club Villa Padierna are a short walk away, which means that you will have everything you need at your fingertips.

Immerse yourself in the good community of neighbors of this residential complex. Its large gardens invite you to enjoy nature and breathe fresh air while you enjoy the unique views that this place offers you.

Imagine enjoying your moments of relaxation on the terrace of this apartment, which offers open views of the majestic mountains and the sea. A true oasis of tranquility!

In addition, you can cool off in the community pool during hot days, sharing happy moments.

And don't worry about storage space, since this apartment has a storage room to store all your belongings in an orderly manner and a garage space so that parking your car is always easy and convenient.

Do not miss the opportunity to acquire this apartment with such impressive features. Call us, come visit it and make it your home!

The exposed data is offered by third parties, merely informative and is assumed to be correct. Our company does not guarantee its veracity. The offer is subject to errors, price changes, omissions and / or withdrawal from the market without prior notice. The expenses of patrimonial transmission, VAT (if applicable), notary and registration are borne by the buyer.
According to the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of October 11, it is reported that notary, registration and ITP expenses are not included in the price.