Are you looking for a luxury villa with views that will take your breath away? Imagine waking up and walking out to this incredible terrace with the most unique view of the Istan Lake and the coast! What a way to start a beautiful day in this Mediterranean paradise. The best words to sum up this villa are contemporary luxury, spacious living and complete tranquility in natural surroundings.

This is a south-west facing villa for sale comprising 5 bedrooms and is built on a large plot of 16.000m2. On the main floor, you can find a spacious living and dining area with a gas fireplace. The large glass floor to ceiling windows of the area allow for ample natural light intake so the living space is extremely light and bright. From here, there is direct access to the grand terraces of high pressed bamboo with the panoramic views. There is a lovely sense of indoor/outdoor living that is loved by so many! The fully fitted kitchen is open plan and features high quality Gaggenau appliances. On this floor there is also a guest toilet and one spacious guest bedroom en-suite.

Moving up to the upper floor you will be greeted with a hallway entrance. The master bedroom is spectacular, with a dressing en-suite and a large extra sitting salon which is currently used as an office. There is also one guest bedroom en-suite.

On the lower floor you can find two guest bedrooms with en-suite, inviting cinema room, wine cellar and storage. There is additional space which can be converted to anything you wish including fitness room, SPA or anything else.

The manicured gardens and infinity-style swimming pool area of this villa are exceptional – the pictures speak for themselves! Absolutely beautiful views out to the Istan lake and mountains. Imagine relaxing on the chill out area with these views.

Outside parking with possibility to do a carport for 2/3 cars. The villa has underfloor heating throughout and A/C with heating.

A location of peace, complete privacy and breathtaking nature with the possibility of fishing, mountain climbing, hiking, horse riding and adventure sports at your complete disposal. Alongside this, all amenities of the Golden Mile can be reached in only 10 or 15 minutes in car such as beaches, restaurants, shops, international schools and golf courses.

A truly unique property!