2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment with golf, mountains and sea views and parking.  Urbanisation benefits from a generous sized communal pool with nice gardens and childrens park.  Within a short  distance to the popular port of La Duquesa with its many international restaurants, bars and beaches.  

As you enter the property you are faced with a short corridor with the kitchen entrance on the left and directly in front the open plan dining/lounge area that leads onto the covered terrace via floor to ceiling glass sliding patio doors.  The entrance has a reception area where coats/jackets can be hung accompanied with a side table and mirror.

The fully fitted kitchen has been designed along the length of the wall you face as you enter the room where you'll find the majority of appliances and work surfaces.  There is a double window at the far end providing plenty of natural light.  The Kitchen has room for a breakfast table and chairs.  As you leave the kitchen and turn left you enter the open plan dining/lounge area.  This generous sized room accommodates a dining table that comfortably seats 4 and the main lounge area where you can gain access to the covered terrace.  In addition to the floor to ceiling glass sliding patio doors there is a large double window providing plenty of natural light for the open plan room.

The terrace has 2 access points, the lounge and the Master bedroom.  The terrace provides some stunning views of 2 fairways of nearby golf courses and mountains towards the north, and wonderful sea views towards the east and southeast.  The east side of the terrace has new windows installed so that the terrace can be enjoyed all year round.  A lovely setting for alfresco dining or simply relaxing soaking in the mediterranean lifestyle.

As you leave the terrace just before the dining area on the right hand side of the open plan room is a door providing access to the 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.  As you enter you'll find the family bathroom with bath-shower and Bedroom 2 towards the left and the Master Bedroom with en-suite with bath-shower towards the right.

Both bedrooms have fitted wardrobes, bedroom 2 currently accommodates 2 single beds with glass sliding patio doors giving access to a small south facing private balcony.  The Master bedroom has sea views via the glass sliding patio doors that lead onto the terrace as well as 2 double windows providing golf and mountain views towards the north.

As you leave the apartment directly in front of you is the lift and to the right stairs.  As you leave the block, towards the right you will find a lovely green area with benches and children's park.  The urbanisation also benefits from a generous sized pool with partial sea views set in nice surrounding communal gardens.  The urbanisation has a secure entry for residents or the secured automated entrance for cars providing private and secure living.

If you fancy a day out shopping, Marbella is only 20 minutes away, and Gibraltar is within commutable distance.  The white mountain town of Manilva or the popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade is only a 10-minute drive away.  You will be spoilt for choice if you are a passionate golfer, Duquesa golf is the closest although there are numerous golf clubs within the vicinity.  
Come view with me!