Stunning detached villa located in the prestigious Sotogrande Alto, a complex of stately homes with beautiful views overlooking four Sotogrande golf courses. A villa of 927 m2 designed with every possible comfort immersed in privacy and panoramic mountain and golf views on a plot of 1.500 m2. In addition, it has a sports plot of 631 m2 that houses a basketball court, a tennis court and an outdoor covered gymnasium with machinery.
This wonderful house is divided into 3 floors. On the main floor we can find a spacious living room with fireplace and views to the swimming pool, a dining room with views to the garden and a luminous fully equipped kitchen. It also has a guest bedroom with access to the swimming pool and a laundry room with direct access to the garage with capacity for 2 cars and storage. Upstairs there is a large dressing room and 3 double bedrooms with access to a fantastic terrace. Two of them have en-suite bathrooms, one with shower and the main one with jacuzzi and dressing room. The ground floor houses a large living room with cinema space, billiard and table football area with outside terrace access to the front door. On this same level there is a large indoor swimming pool next to a gym area with cardio and weight training equipment. There is also a bathroom with shower and dressing room.
As for the exterior, this villa is surrounded by a green garden that surrounds the house. Next to the main porch there is a fantastic outdoor infinity pool, a jacuzzi, several hammocks and two Balinese beds to enjoy relaxing in the sun. Behind them, a large garden with umbrellas invites us to enjoy the breathtaking views. With outdoor toilets and a large two-storey tree house, children and adults can enjoy a wellness area with two double beds. Closer to the villa, there is a dining area next to the kitchen, a barbecue area and an impressive chillout-dining room with seating for 14 people and a magnificent wooden bar.
An exclusive, private and very well distributed property with all the possible comforts allows the whole family to enjoy themselves without leaving the house.

In terms of nearby places, there is the International School, the riding school and the golf courses of Valderrama, Almenara and La Reserva I and II. 
Just a few minutes' drive away, the atmosphere of this area is complemented by the coastal residential area of Sotogrande Costa where we find the marina with yacht club, restaurant, cafes and shops, and of course, the beach.

In compliance with the Decree of Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.