One of the most imposing and spectacular houses in Spain, it is set in a totally private valley surrounded by hillsides and rich forest on a rural property of 260,000m2. This palatial style property is located 14 kilometres north of Ronda, Hemingway's favourite town in Spain, with its famous bridge and bullring, the oldest in the country. The villa is designed and built to the exacting specifications of its owners 10 years ago, and is a reflection of their good taste. Almost 800m2 built. You enter through a typical Andalusian courtyard with large vegetation and a sense of serenity, a fish pond in the centre and different living areas. A hallway runs the length of the central wing of the house, at the end of the hallway is the fully fitted kitchen with top quality appliances, stainless steel cupboards and marble surfaces with direct access to the front patio and gardens with barbecue area, laundry room and utility room. On the opposite side is the dining room of enormous elegance with an 18th century mahogany dining table with French windows overlooking the well maintained lawn and surrounded by a pretty flower bed, a beautiful pergola and barbecue area for alfresco dining. The next room along the hallway is the "little" sitting room, a very relaxing room, with double doors opening onto the outside terrace. The spacious main living room with marble floors comes next with a huge fireplace and a hand-woven Indian carpet which was specially commissioned in Jaipur and took eight months to make. Next is a study or office, at the other end of the hallway is the very elegant and beautifully furnished master suite, with its own sitting room and wonderful views from the French windows that face two sides of the room. Impressive as it is, even more so is its enormous bathroom with bathtub, white marble washbasin and shower. The other four bedrooms are located in this wing of the house, one of them accessed from the hallway, the other three from the front courtyard. All are individually decorated and furnished, but all share the same impeccable quality and size as the other rooms in the house. All have large and attractive en-suite bathrooms. Majestic staircases descend to the terrace immediately below which has been laid out as another area of the formal garden, where fish ponds and tranquil sitting areas are enjoyed. A large part of the hillside of the estate has been cultivated with 1 hectare of vineyards producing really good quality "Reserva" grapes and over two hectares of olive trees. On one of the hillsides above the house, the owners have created a small Mediterranean garden amongst the trees, just another delightful place to discover as you explore this wonderful estate.
