Brand New Corner 3 bedroom - Front line San Roque Golf with full sea views

Enjoy indoor/outdoor living in this never lived in luxury apartment overlooking the esteemed old course of San Roque Club and the Mediterranean Sea.

This modern apartment is perfect for a holiday or full time living home with views of the sea, the golf course and the surrounding mountains from every window. Enjoy indoor/outdoor living on the extra large balcony.

Arguably the best position in the entire development with its own private access and as it sits on the furthest corner it has the best view possible from all angles.

This apartment has 3 bedrooms. In the primary bedroom, you will be able to add a queen size bed and has its own en-suite bathroom. The second bedroom, would manage a queen bed with the third bedroom to use as an office or you could add a single/king trundle bed to suit. There are 2 bathrooms with luxurious rain head walk-in showers. The primary en-suite has double sinks and heated towel bars.

With underground parking and storage room this development is arguably sat in one of the most tranquil incredible locations on the entire coast. A beach lover's, golfer's and cyclist's paradise! Must been seen.

Apartment, Frontline Golf, Equipped Kitchen, Underground parking, Communal Pool, Garden: Community, Facing: South

Views: Africa, Breathtaking, Excellent, Garden, Gibraltar, Golf, Green Zones, Hills, Open views, Panoramic, Pool, Sea, Surrounds, Trees, Urbanisation

Features: 5-10 minutes to Golf Course, Air Conditioning Hot/Cold, Aluminium Carpentry, Aluminium windows, Built to High Standards, Close to schools, Clubhouse, Conveniently Situated for Golf, Conveniently Situated Schools, Covered Terrace, Dining Area, Easy Renting, Electric Entry Phone, En suite shower room, Fitted Wardrobes, Frontline Golf, Garage, Gated Complex, Green Zones, Horse-Riding Area, Immaculate Condition, Luminous, Marble Bathroom, Marble Floors, Popular Urbanisation, Private Terrace, Quality Residence, Quiet Location