Spacious three bedroom, three bathroom penthouse, duplex apartment with roof terrace in the beautiful complex of LA CARTUJA DEL GOLF, surrounded by golf courses. Ideal as a holiday home or permanent residence. The area offers nearby a spanish supermarket, a petrol station with minimarket, a bilingual international school and various restaurants. 

Short term rental License can be provided.

The main part of the apartment is on the first floor of the building. West facing, it enjoys the best of the afternoon and evening sun but thanks to its east facing windows, benefits from a lot of natural light all through the day. The living and dining area is very large and offers a fireplace as well as air conditioning (available throughout the apartment). The living room has direct access out to the main terrace which is the perfect size for dining or relaxing. On this floor we can find two bedrooms, two bathrooms: accessing the bedrooms hallway from the living room, to the left we can find a beautiful east facing bedroom with Juliet balcony and a very spacious family bathroom next to it. To the right, another double bedroom with ensuite bathroom and straight access to the main terrace. The kitchen is very spacious and well organised and it communicates with the laundry area.

Upstairs, we find the master bedroom with ensuite bathroom with a double aspect: on the east side beautiful, small terrace looking at Marbella mountains and, on the west side, large glass doors take us to the magnificent roof terrace, partly covered and with amazing views of the community grounds and swimming pools. There you could create an outside kitchen or gym if required. 

This duplex apartment is being sold fully furnished and with one parking space just in front of the entrance. If potential purchasers are interested, there is also underground parking and storage, both available for sale.
The urbanisation is gated and benefits from having 24 hour security, three swimming pools, tennis and paddle courts. There is an upcoming periodic rehabilitation and painting of the complex scheduled for the end of the summer and already paid for by the present owners.

A little Paradise now aVailable for viewings.