Cute and cosy 40m2 country house located 3km from the whitewashed village of Monda. This home is distributed over one floor plus a small loft. It comprises of a bedroom, bathroom with shower and a small open plan kitchen/living room with log burner. 

Outside is a terrace and a small unfinished pond which could be used as a plunge pool. 

The property doesn't have mains electricity, instead it has solar panels and water from a private well. The plot, of just over 2.000 m2 is completely fenced and requires very little maintenance as the land is slightly terraced and hilly. 

There is private open parking for one car within the plot and there is additional parking outside the property. 

Road access to the property is good except the last kilometer, which is a country track, not ideal for low cars. 

This is a perfect home for a single person looking for peace and tranquility. 


ABOUT MONDA 

Monda is a vibrant small town in the mountains just inland from the Costa del Sol. 

Situated past Ojén, it lies in a valley at 365m above sea level and has a population of less than 2,000. It is well-linked by road with Marbella, just 15km away, as well as Coin and Cartama (for Malaga). Thanks to development on the nearby coast over the last few decades, the town has enjoyed new prosperity. It also hosts the famous Marbella Design Academy. 

The village&#039;s dominant feature, which stands out for miles around, is the large stone building which stands atop the tree-covered hill above the village. Although this resembles a fortification, it is in fact a superbly-located and traditionally-styled modern hotel, Castillo de Monda, built on the site of the Moorish Castillo de Al-Mundat. 

The town was originally occupied by an Ibero-Roman fortified enclosure established in the 3rd to 1st Centuries BC by the Romans. This was to protect the indigenous Iberian population and to defend the road leading to the more important town of Coín. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that: 

1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.