If you are looking for a contemporary villa in La Cala de Mijas with views to die for then look no further. Set above the village this stunning villa boasts panoramic views of the Mediterranean. With its southerly orientation you can enjoy all day sunshine on the many terraces or around the pool with its own kitchen. Access through the upper entrance is via a small set of stairs down to the main entrance. It is only when you enter the living area you appreciate the vista which is breathtaking. On this level you will find the master suite with private bathroom as well as a guest bedroom and bathroom and the state of the art  kitchen/lounge.  Below the main living area yet connected by internal and external staircases is a self contained two bedroom one bathroom apartment. In addition there is a small gym and additional storage area Once outside you have a selection of terraces ranging from chill out patio, shaded dining area and most importantly heated pool with pool room and terrace.Garage and pump room are located below the pool area. This is one of the most prestigious properties in La Cala de Mijas so early viewings are recommended.      


Detached Villa, La Cala de Mijas, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 386 m², Terrace 150 m², Garden/Plot 850 m².

Setting : Village, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Gym, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted, Kitchen-Lounge.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
