Luxury villa located in the prestigious Cascada de Camojan urbanization, located in the picturesque surroundings of Sierra Blanca, in the heart of Marbella's Golden Mile.
 This villa is located within a gated complex, occupying the highest point of view in the urbanization. A quiet and charming place that offers an incomparable sensation of privacy, surrounded by the beauty of nature.

With the majestic mountains as a backdrop and the sparkling sea ahead, this villa is an integral part of one of the most exclusive gated communities in Marbella, which has extensive 24-hour security measures. Residents can revel in the security of living within a secure and secluded residential community, where their peace of mind is of the utmost importance.

The visionary architects behind this remarkable project have meticulously designed this residence to epitomize elegance and usher in a new era of contemporary design. With in-depth knowledge of the demanding Marbella market, they have strived to create a fresh and distinctive architectural concept. This Villa consists of spacious interiors and stunning panoramic views of the sea and mountains.
Every detail has been carefully considered to ensure maximum comfort and luxury. From the meticulously crafted layouts to the finest materials and finishes, no compromise has been made to provide a living experience that exceeds expectations. This exquisite villa offers a harmonious blend of aesthetic appeal, functional design, and exceptional craftsmanship.
We present an unparalleled opportunity to enjoy an extraordinary lifestyle in the midst of the coveted beauty of Marbella.
 Immerse yourself in the splendor of this extraordinary residence and savor the epitome of refined living in one of the most sought after locations on the Costa del Sol.

Bathrooms 4
Bedrooms 4+1
Sup. Construction above ground 270.56
Porches 177.63
Pergola terraces 36.16
Solarium - 0.00
Surface Basement Housing 601.41
Sup. Basement Garage 310.82
Sup. Interior Construction Total 1,182.79
Construction Surface Interior + Exterior Total 1,396.58
Sup. Plot 1,544.18
