This splendid ground floor apartment nestled in this exclusive, secure beach side development with extensive tropical gardens with water features and beautiful pathway to walk to the sea, large lagoon style swimming pool, is idyllically located a mere 150 meters to the beach. The apartment is impeccably presented in perfect condition, nicely furnished and decorated and has a large living room open onto a lovely terrace overlooking the lush garden, large fully fitted kitchen, 2 double bedrooms + 2 luxury marble bathroom (1 of which is en-suite). This property would make an ideal permanent residence or a great holiday home, also with fantastic rental potential. The property comes with it private underground parking space and storage room. Costalita area has the prettiest part of Estepona beach promenade and is  home to the prestigious Villa Padierna - Ritz Carlton Raquet Club, chirringuitos restaurants, beach bars and within walking distance are supermarkets, bars and restaurants plus an excellent choice of golf courses are found a short drive away. Halfway between Marbella/Puerto Banus and the centre of Estepona.
This is a true opportunity to aquire your dream apartment by the sea, furnished, fully equipped and ready to move in or rent. 
Bedroom: 2 | Bathroom: 2 | Inside area: 111m2 | Terraces: 14m2 | Large communal pool | Private garage & storage room | Orientation: SW | Construction year: 2008

Airport: 40 min drive – Marbella town center: 12 min drive – Puerto Banús: 8 min drive – Estepona center: 5 min drive – Golf courses: within 3 min drive – Beach: direct access – Bar&restaurant: 2 min walk – Public Transports: 5 min walk

The property market on the Costa del Sol is seriously recovering and good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.