VILLA FOR SALE IN SIERRA BLANCA, MARBELLA GOLDEN MILE
This stunning 3-level mansion for sale is one of the most outstanding properties in the super exclusive area of Marbella and all the Mediterranean region, Sierra Blanca. Nestled on the impressive plot of 5.086 m² at the foothills of majestic mountains, the south-facing house of 2.016 m² offers unforgettable views and a fashionable contemporary design. Created for the most exclusive lifestyle, impeccably decorated and luxuriously appointed, it maximises the sense of privacy and blends into the natural surroundings of beautiful Sierra Blanca with elegance and grace.

Luxury is a key descriptive word when we speak about this impeccable property and its prime residential area!

The luxury house was built to the highest standards using top-quality materials and innovative technology. On top of it, the property has been recently renovated and now redefines the standards of luxury. The gorgeous accommodation features spacious living, seating and dining areas both inside and al fresco, 7 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms (6 en-suite) plus 2 toilets. A fully-fitted and superbly equipped modern kitchen has a central island and informal dining area. A separate dressing room will host your designers' collections. The entertainment areas offer everything you can expect from a genuinely luxury house including a wine cellar, cinema room, game room, SPA and fitness center and indoor swimming pool, among many others features. The outside area with a unique swimming pool, outside gym, outrageous water objects and mature subtropical landscaped gardens keep the same style and evoke the feeling of beauty and harmony. A separate guest apartment or staff accommodation adds comfort and exclusivity.

Providing a luxurious feel, the high-end house comes for sale in excellent condition and with modern comforts (Home automation system, marble and wooden floors, energy-efficient air conditioning, fitted wardrobes, glass doors, double-glazing, storage and utility areas, private garage, etc.). The most exclusive lifestyle is guaranteed in this elegant mansion surrounded with lush greenery and similar luxury properties of Sierra Blanca, the upper part of the world-famous Golden Mile of Marbella. It has it all, including extraordinary settings and fantastic panoramic views, and flawlessly combines the Mediterranean charm, sophisticated design and entirely functional, practical, well-thought-out features. Alarm system, video entrance, surveillance cameras, and security entrance to the gated community with 24-h security service will give you peace of mind.
Luxury is a key descriptive word when we speak about this impeccable property and its prime residential area, which is close to all amenities of the Golden Mile, Marbella center and fabulous Puerto Banus.