Our RUSTIC PROPERTY known as CORTIJO LA GAMERA. LOCATED IN LA CHAPAS, MUNICIPAL TERM OF MARBELLA (MÁLAGA). 
THE PROPERTY IS RUSTIC AND CONSISTS OF A SURFACE TOTAL OF 91,078.60 m², BEFORE IT WAS FORMED BY PLOTS Nº 41-42-43 of ESTATE Nº 15 of MARBELLA, Today after the DIGITALIZATION of the cadastre, PLOTS Nº 41a-42-43-44-45-58-59-60-62-64 belong to us of the ESTATE Nº9 of MARBELLA.
In these new plots there are errors in the boundaries and assignment of owners, so the sum of partial surfaces does not coincide with the REAL TOTAL OF THE SURFACE OF OUR PLOT.

It is located to the East of the T.M. from Marbella, has access through the Urbanization Hacienda Las Chapas de Marbella, and has with a bridge over the Costa del Sol Highway.
It limits to the South with the Costa del Sol Highway itself, we do not have direct access to it.
If there is significant development, a request for access to the aforementioned Costa del Sol Highway could be processed.
The plot has a medium mountainous orography with a river that runs through it, with the possibility of obtaining water for
the service of the plot and the electricity supply can be extended from the nearby urbanizations or from the high-rise tower
tension in the area.
The views of the sea and mountains are very beautiful, the area is quiet and with a natural environment. All the adjoining plots to the East, North and West are also rustic and would allow the surface to be expanded to develop any project that needs more land.
The current land management regulations in Andalusia could allow construction on this type of rustic land

Buildings of public and social interest, such as:

1. The following shall be understood to be of public utility and social interest, among others:
a) Those productive activities of any kind that generate income and employment and cannot
be installed on urban or developable land, either because they cannot be installed in any type of industrial estate,
due to their incompatibility, size or some other reason, rather than due to their characteristics or territorial impact and
environment cannot be located on these types of soil, or because they are activities that have their raison d'être
in the natural environment, such as agricultural, livestock, forestry or mining activities.
b) Likewise, those public or private facilities or
buildings of collective services that have to be located in rural areas for landscape reasons,
recreational, educational, health, tourist or other.
2. The statement must adequately justify the reasons of public utility and social interest, based on
its use, and the need for location in rural areas.

Uses and activities permitted by declaration of public and social interest
1. The constructions and permitted uses, through the declaration of their public and social interest, will be among the following:
1.1. Mining and extractive activities, including quarrying or extraction of aggregates or soil.
1.2. Industrial and productive activities.
1.3. Tourist, sports, recreational, leisure and recreation, religious and social welfare activities, such as:
a) Hotel establishments, motels, apart-hotels and similar.
b) Establishment of hotels, restaurants and similar.
c) Recreational, sports and leisure centers or adaptations, whatever their nature and type of facility cd) Tourism camps, campsites and similar facilities.
e) Cultural, charitable - welfare and religious or spiritual activities.
f) Health and scientific centers and funeral services and cemeteries.
g) Educational and nursing homes for the elderly.
h) Nature, landscape and environmental centers or adaptations.
i) Landfills, deposits and waste storage that have a favorable declaration in relation to environmental and landscape impact.
j) Those constructions and facilities related to the service of public works that have not been
contemplated in project or planning.
1.4. Any other activity that complies with what is regulated in article 9.1.20 of these Rules.
It must be processed through a Special Action Plan on the modification of the classification of developable land in the terms indicated by these Regulations and it will be mandatory Environmental Impact Assessment or
Analysis of Environmental Effects of the requested proposal, as the case may be. Being your final approval
competence of the Junta de Andalucía in matters of Territorial Planning and Urban Planning.