COMMERCIAL PREMISES FOR SALE AND RENT WITH OPTION TO PURCHASE

Unique opportunity! Commercial premises for sale in Las Lagunas de Mijas

Are you thinking about starting a business on the Costa del Sol? Are you looking for a unique opportunity to start your project successfully?

If so, don't miss this commercial premises for sale in Las Lagunas de Mijas. It is a set of three independent properties, with a total of 224 square meters of surface.

The two buildings on the street above, measuring 83 and 58 square meters respectively, are currently used as a restaurant and warehouse. The property on the street below, measuring 83 square meters, is currently converted into a cafeteria.

This place has a privileged location, on a busy commercial street. In addition, it is close to all services, such as supermarkets, pharmacies, banks, etc.

The best option to start your business

This location is the best option to start your business on the Costa del Sol. It offers you the following advantages:

Privileged location: On a busy commercial street, close to all services.
Sufficient area: 224 square meters to develop your business.
Possibility of renting the other two premises: An excellent source of income for your business.
Rent with option to buy

To help you start your business, we offer the possibility of a three-year rent with an option to purchase. The conditions are the following:

Premium for the purchase option: 10% of the value of the premises.
Monthly rent: 1,400 euros.
Deposit: Two months' rent.
The first year of rent is contributed 100% to the purchase

The first year of rent, 100% of the amount will be paid to the purchase price. The second year, 90%, and the third year, 80%.

Hurry up and take advantage of this opportunity

This is a unique opportunity to start your business on the Costa del Sol. Don't let them take it away from you. Contact us today for more information.

Call now and reserve your appointment!

According to the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of 11 October, it is reported that the notarial expenses, registration and ITP, are not included in the price.