RESALE PROPERTY. The complex where this penthouse is located is strategically positioned, surrounded by the most prestigious golf courses on the Costa del Sol, and offers unparalleled panoramic views of the sea and mountains. It embodies an elegant Andalusian lifestyle, where traditional architecture combines with cutting-edge interior design and high-quality materials. It was recently constructed.
All penthouses have terraces and very spacious solariums. The large windows in the terraces allow the homes to be bathed in light and provide spectacular panoramic views of the mountains and the sea.
The complex offers a wide range of services within its premises, making it a truly unique urbanization. It features expansive landscaped areas, 5 outdoor swimming pools, a heated indoor pool, a children's play area, a clubhouse with a restaurant/bar, a shop with local products, a gym, a spa with a sauna, a Turkish bath, and a jacuzzi, a CrossFit and yoga area, co-working space as well as 24-hour security and a multipurpose court.
Everything is built with the highest quality, both in terms of facilities and finishes. The continuous floors and impressive floor-to-ceiling sliding windows create a seamless transition between the interior and exterior spaces. The open kitchen integrated into the living room is equipped with top-of-the-line Siemens appliances and a home automation system for the facilities, lighting, and blinds.
The penthouse has two spacious bedrooms and two bathrooms, one of which is ensuite. In addition, there is a large, bright living-dining room with a fireplace and an open concept kitchen. From the entrance, there is access to the private solarium, a large area with tremendous panoramic views of the sea, golf, and mountains.
Designer furniture is included in the price.
Close to all services and shops, as well as schools, restaurants, etc., it is very close to the sea and only a 5-minute drive from Puerto Banús and 10 minutes from Marbella.
Within the complex there is a company specialized in overseeing short and long-term rentals, offering concierge services.