This fabulous, well-presented south facing 3 bedroom beachfront penthouse with private pool provides sea views and overlooks beautiful communal gardens and swimming pools.  The property comes fully furnished with 2 underground private parking spaces and storeroom.

The property is located in the luxury urbanisation, Bahia de la Plata, Estepona.  The urbanisation feels like a holiday resort / retreat.  It is a fantastic, well-maintained beachfront urbanisation with beautiful communal gardens and 2 outdoor communal swimming pools, paddle tennis court, large indoor gymnasium with state of the art equipment, indoor heated pool and spa.  The urbanisation is a secure gated community with 24 hour security / concierge service.  Leaving the urbanisation on the beachside there is a lovely green area where many residents sit and relax looking out over the sea towards the horizon and bathe.  To the right is a popular chiringuito and if you continue walking along the promenade you'll be in the centre of Estepona within 10-15 minutes.  The historic centre of Estepona old town has undergone a remarkable transformation over the past few years to become one of the most attractive and best preserved towns on the Costa del Sol.  Much of the heart of the old town as well as along the beach side has been pedestrianised allowing locals and visitors to enjoy leisurely quiet strolls along traffic-free streets.  The area is supported by many shops, tapas bars and restaurants catering for both regional and international cuisine.  Whether it&#039;s the old town, the cuisine, beaches or the many art murals on the buildings, Estepona remains one of the most desirable towns along the coast.  

The penthouse is built to high-quality specifications with the home being managed via a central control panel for example managing the electrics and air-conditioning when you vacate or return to the property.   The property is designed over 2 floors benefiting from a generous sized terrace on each floor providing stunning sea, garden and pool views.  The top floor bedroom with en-suite has been recently refurbished and has the benefit of direct access to the penthouse private pool.  Modern equipped kitchen and newly fitted modern bathrooms, the property further benefits from fully fitted wardrobes and air-conditioning.

As you enter the property you walk towards the reception area with the kitchen entrance to your right.  The fully fitted modern kitchen is well designed in an L-Shape with plenty of work surfaces, cupboards and desirable mod-cons.  The well designed kitchen demonstrates good planning of workflow and lighting.   There is a kitchen window hatch allowing for interaction when entertaining guests and ease of passing dishes through to the dining area.
At the end of the kitchen there is a closed glass door.  The door provides access to the utility room where the boiler and washing machine is located.  

As you reach the reception area and turn right you enter the generous sized open-plan dining / lounge area.  The open plan lounge / dining area is bright and airy with plenty of natural light.  There are 2 large floor to ceiling glass sliding patio doors running the length of the room providing direct access to the terrace.  The dining area has a table that comfortably seats 6 and the lounge has a large L-Shaped sofa.  The spiral staircase providing access to the top floor is located behind a partitioned wall.

The first floor terrace has 2 access points 1) via the lounge 2) via the Master bedroom patio door.  The terrace provides stunning sea views and views over one of the external communal pools.  The terrace has plenty of space for entertaining, alfresco dining, BBQ or simply relaxing with a glass of wine admiring the landscape.  The partially covered terrace includes sun lounges, sun umbrella, seating and table with 6 chairs.

The first floor has 2 bedrooms with en-suite, the master bedroom and bedroom 2.  The Master bedroom has floor to ceiling patio sliding doors with juliette balcony offering sea views and a patio door providing direct access to the terrace.  Prior to the en-suite, there is a dressing area where the fitted wardrobes are located.  The en-suite has been recently refurbished and benefits from both bath-shower, walk-in shower and double sinks.  Bedroom 2 is located beyond the dining area.  The en-suite has a walk-in shower and window providing plenty of natural light.  Bedroom 2 has fitted wardrobes and a large window.

At the top of the spiral staircase there is plenty of natural light emanating from the glass wall with a door to gain access to the larger terrace, private pool and bedroom 3 with en-suite.  The top floor terrace provides views of both external communal pools, gardens and sea views, on a clear day you can enjoy views of Gibraltar and Africa.  The terrace has seating and a large table and 6 chairs.  Such a great space for entertaining! Elevated above the terrace via 6 stairs is the private pool and entrance to bedroom 3.  The private pool is such a luxury where you can have a swim or cool down while enjoying sea views via the glass balcony.

Bedroom 3 has been recently refurbished with windows all round providing plenty of natural light.  The double room currently has 2 single beds and free standing wardrobe.  From the bedroom you overlook the private pool and sea view beyond.  The newly refurbished en-suite has a walk-in shower with a window.

As you leave the apartment you can access the underground parking and facilities via the stairs or lift. 

Bahia de la Plata is a highly desirable luxury beachside resort.   Centre of Estepona is only a walk away via the promenade or a 2 minute drive.  It is ideally located, only a 35 minute drive to Gibraltar airport or 45 minutes to Malaga airport.  The white mountain town of Manilva is only a 10-minute drive away.  15 minutes in the Malaga direction will take you to Puerto Banus and Marbella.  There is so much to explore in the area.  It is very possible to make day trips to Seville, Malaga and Granada.  You will be spoilt for choice if you are a passionate golfer, there are numerous golf clubs within the vicinity.

This property is a must see! 

Come view with me!