An independent 4-bedroom villa 160 m to the Fuengirola Beach!
LOCATION! Picture this: a house that's practically neighbours with the beach, just a 10 minutes' walk to the Myramar Shopping Centre and the Medieval Castle with its summer festivals, schools, water park, cinemas, supermarkets, the City Town Hall, the famous Zoo Bioparc, Police stations around the corner, hotels, restaurants, and shops and the bustling Plaza de la Constitución—the heart and soul of Fuengirola. If you're in the mood for a little adventure, the bus and train stations just a stone's throw away that take you the Málaga Airport in 30 minutes…. All this within a 15 minutes' walk! Yet a peaceful street surrounded by villas and a safe neighbourhood.
Step inside, and you'll be welcomed by a typical Andalusian style villa that with some refreshment and renovation can be a magnificent permanent or holiday home. Once you park in your private parking with space for 2 cars, or just outside, as it has an annual permit from the City Council that lets you park right at the doorstep, you come to a three-story house surrounded by patio. On the ground floor, the large living room complete with a cozy fireplace and air conditioning, is the heart of the house. Also, you could add, if necessary, 2 extra bedrooms on both ends of the lounge. Here you also have a large kitchen, a bathroom, the delightful porch and a storage room and woodshed.
On the second floor you find 3 bedrooms, another bathroom, and a large terrace with exceptional views. The third floor boasts a large rooftop terrace where you can soak up the sun and where you find the 4th bedroom.
In addition, in the patio is a small cistern and a motor pump that distributes water throughout the house, and on top of the terrace, you'll find a large water tank and a thermos for hot water on the first floor.
Summarizing, this is a unique opportunity to live your dreamed life on the Costa del Sol in a peaceful residential area but a few steps from all the facilities Fuengirola has to offer!