Location! Location! Location!

Middle floor new built apartment in the complex Residencial Infinity enjoying a prestigious location right on Estepona's principal avenue, Avenida Juan Carlos I, running through the heart of Estepona's vibrant town centre to the beach and the "Grand Boulevard".

Spacious and flooded with natural light, the apartment has a stunning contemporary design with top-quality fixtures and fittings. It offers 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms (main one on suite), large living dining area, open plan kitchen, its own private terrace as well as benefiting from private underground parking and storeroom. 

In addition, Residencial Infinity's fabulous onsite communal amenities include a huge rooftop terrace – featuring an absolutely stunning infinity pool, ample sunbathing deck and breathtaking ocean views – as well as a fully-equipped gym with sauna, attractive garden areas, well-appointed multi-use social room, children's area and bicycle parking area, and two-speed elevators serving all floors.

Around 20 minutes west of Marbella, and a 40-minute drive to Málaga airport, Estepona is justifiably famous for its fine sandy beaches, beautiful seaside promenade, lively marina and swish beach clubs. One of the most enchanting seaside towns on the Costa del Sol, it is also renowned for its captivating boulevards, charismatic plazas, historic monuments, chic eateries, popular wine bars and a vast choice of sports and leisure activities, including top golf courses.

Designed by eminent Spanish architect Ismael Mérida – and managed by ASG Homes –  Residencial Infinity occupies a prime residential site on Estepona's principal avenue, Avenida Juan Carlos I. Not only is it an incomparable urban location, but it is also destined to become a benchmark for architectural excellence.

Fully-fitted kitchens equipped with Franke worktops, stainless steel sink and quality Balay appliances including induction hob, cooker hood, oven, microwave, dishwasher, fridge-freezer and washer-dryer
Master bathrooms with Duravit bathtub, twin handbasins, Ramón Solershower taps and shower head, toilet, Roca heated towel rail and mirror
Second bathrooms with Duravit shower, handbasin, toilet, Roca heated towel rail and mirror
Saloni porcelain floor tiles throughout
Terraces with Saloni anti-slip floor tiles
Bedrooms with white lacquered, built-in wardrobes with hanging rail and luggage shelf
Reinforced entry doors with video entry phones and white lacquer finish
Thermal and acoustic insulation
Solar panels for domestic hot water
Climalit-type double-glazing
Individual hot and cold air-conditioning

Middle Floor Apartment, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 74 m², Terrace 7 m².

Setting : Town, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating.
Views : Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Gym, Sauna, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale, Contemporary.
