Located only 5 minutes from Marbella's best beaches in Elviria, on an elevated plot with majestic views over the sea, and private gardens, the villa features:
* A large private, heated swimming pool with beautiful surrounding gardens
* 6 large bedrooms including 6 en-suite bathrooms with five star hotel quality king size beds (also available as a twin set-up) which can accommodate up to 10 people
* A fully equipped state-of-the-art home cinema system in the main living area
* Outdoor Areas comprising or relax areas, BBQ area from the Kitchen and large landscaped gardens
* A/C and heating throughout the house with custom temperature for each and every room

Detailed Indoor Description
Entering the villa you will be greeted with a vast living area with double height ceilings and a mezzanine platform with views of the living area.
Imported feature furniture and beautiful accessories to compliment the living spaces
A large reception office desk with high back chairs, custom made bookcases and wine storage in the main living area
An exquisite living area that is divided into 2 sections, A large seating area around the 2 metre fireplace feature with surrounding 4 metre high hand made bookcases
A cinema area with 3 large sofas surrounding the 60″ flat screen television. International television package included
A fully equipped open plan kitchen featuring a large wooden dining table in the centre with 6 chairs and a relax area with hand made bookcases. The kitchen is fully equipped with Miele appliances and a large industrial fridge/freezer
Guest cloakroom

First Floor
3 Double En-Suite bedrooms each with their own features and individual personality. The Master bedroom has its own large private terrace with views of the large swimming pool. The terrace has an additional seating area and its own private staircase to the garden area without accessing the main villa.

Basement Area
A utility laundry room equipped with professional grade washing machine and dryer, an ironing board and iron.
Additional guest Fridge/Freezer and wine fridges.
2 Additional bedrooms with En – Suite bathrooms leading from the basement and garage area

Gardens
The house is surrounded by large landscaped and maintained gardens around the large swimming pool area.

Underground garage
The house benefit from a private underground garage with individually automated single garage doors which can accommodate up to 2 cars. There is ample parking for up to 10 cars on the property grounds.
