Enter a world of comfort and luxury. A truly lovely family home surrounded by the beautiful Mijas countryside and yet only a couple of minutes from the clubhouse of the world famous La Cala Golf Resort with its 3 Championship 18 Hole Golf Courses.

This fabulous large family home near Cala de Mijas has been superbly updated and altered by its current owners, creating large open plan interiors, wonderfully comfortable recreation areas and extensive private gardens extending to both the front and rear of the villa. 

This villa is part of a community of 33 such properties located in the beautiful hills of La Cala Golf Resort. The residential community famous for its contemporary architecture is one of the innovative developments created and built by Altavista Property International. A network of privately maintained streets leads to the villas, each located behind private automated gates where generous driveways with carports are found.
The villa is located at the end of a cul-de-sac and is privileged to have garden areas both to the left and to the rear of the villa. The pool is set within the velvety green lawn of the garden, and has recently been updated with a very beautiful hardwood deck. Around the periphery of the garden and within various flower beds are beautiful flowering shrubs and plants, giving wonderful color to this private oasis.

Entering the villa through the large pivoting wooden front door, the presence of space and light is immediately felt, with the tall floor-to-ceiling sliding terrace doors complementing the high ceilings so well. of this village. An elegant and functional kitchen has been created with the modern open space equipped with wooden shelves, cupboards and other details to give a warmth and natural character. The details have been well thought out and the appliances are of the highest quality. To the rear of the kitchen is a large and bright utility room, with washing machines and tumble dryers hidden behind attractive cupboard doors. There is plenty of extra storage space in this room, ensuring all your household cleaning supplies stay out of sight. With the American-style open-plan design, the kitchen and dining room are integrated with the living room. The back wall of this room has been embellished with a soft wood finish, continuing the flow of natural and organic materials throughout the house.

There is a very spacious master suite on this ground floor, with plenty of storage space and an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower. There is also a guest bathroom on this level.
Going up the stairs we find another 3 double bedrooms, each with its own bathroom en suite. This first floor has a splendid wrap-around balcony looking out over the gardens, pool and countryside beyond, with a southerly orientation ensuring plenty of sunshine all year round.

Going to the lowest level of the house we find the incredible basement. With lots of natural light and several open spaces, the owners of this villa have really thought of this and are able to present a multi-use area that offers so many amazing options. There's a completely separate bedroom with en-suite bathroom down here. The large central space is open, but with natural dividers it has been possible to create a kitchen area, a cinema room and several rest areas. As if this were not enough there is also a wonderful studio, currently used as a graphic design studio, but which could be put to many other uses.
A villa like this that has so much space and is decorated to such a high standard is a real gem.

Get in touch for more information or to arrange a viewing.

La Finca de La Cala is a new and secure residential development that offers the highest standard of contemporary living in this part of the Costa del Sol. The 33 independent villas not only feature a refined architectural style, but also the comforts and services more modern.

Thanks to La Finca de La Cala's location, it makes a perfect second holiday home, permanent home or perhaps something to move into for retirement in a few years and share with your family. La Cala de Mijas is a charming traditional coastal town, located just 25 minutes from Malaga airport and just a 7 minute drive from La Finca de La Cala. You can find a great selection of local shops, bars, restaurants, supermarkets, nightlife and medical facilities, as well as blue flag beaches.

Endowed as it is with the best climate in Europe, La Finca de La Cala is located in a privileged position between Marbella and Fuengirola, with a natural beauty ready for hiking or horse riding. It also has fantastic sports facilities designed for an outdoor lifestyle, such as water skiing, sailing, scuba diving, kite surfing, as well as excellent racket clubs offering tennis, squash and paddle tennis.

On the Costa del Sol, however, golf reigns supreme, La Finca de La Cala is located within the 5-star La Cala Resort, which since 1989 has become the largest golf and leisure destination in Spain with 3 magnificent championship golf courses and a luxurious 5 Star Hotel and Spa.
