A lovely 3 bedroom townhouse between famouse Puerto Banus and cosy San Pedro in Marbella

This nice townhouse is spacy with 176 built m2 with terraces of around 35 m2 and garden of around 17 m2.
In the grounddfloor you find a very nice and modern kitchen, a fully bathroom, a storage room and the huge livingroom with access to the tarrace and garden. 
From the garden you have direct access to the community garden with the pool and chirldren pool.
In the first floor you find 2 bedrooms which share on bathroom. You also find the master bedroom with master bathroom ensuite with underfloor heating. 
The master bedroom has a private terrace to the east overlooking the garden and the pool area. One of the other bedrooms has a private terrace to the west. 
With the townhouse it follows also a private parking space underground in the community. 

The townhouse is located in a very family friendly community with the pool and children pool is located in the center of the community and make it a very cozy place to enjoy relaxing time. 
From the community you have short walk and easy walk to the beach and famouse beachclubs. Also it is waklking distance (around 1,5 km) to he famouse Puerto Banus with all its restaurants, bars, shops etc. 
From the townhouse it is also some shops, supermarket and restaurants just around 100 meter. 
To the San Pedro promenade and the center it is also just around 1,5 km easy walk. 


Summary:
Townhouse, Puerto Banús, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 176 m², Terrace 25 m², Garden/Plot 17 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent, Good.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished, Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Resale.
