Fantastic rustic style villa surrounded by greenery with the Mijas mountains behind and the sea spreading out in front. The villa is located just below the picturesque Mijas Pueblo. The property consists of the villa, built as a U with a pool in the middle, two separate guest houses, three storage rooms and two plots of land totalling 7,311 m2. The two guesthouses have completely private entrances even for vehicles. Total built area 814 m2 of which the main villa has 546,80 m2. 
When we step into the villa, we are welcomed by a hall with a high ceiling, a loft corridor and a staircase in dark wood that leads up to the upper floor where the master bedroom is located. In the hall there is a guest toilet and straight ahead is the well-proportioned kitchen which contains a kitchen island, fireplace, sofa and dining area with large windows facing the private garden. The kitchen is fully equipped with double ovens, two dishwashers, integrated coffee machine, etc. Terrace doors lead out to a stone-paved terrace partly covered and equipped with a barbecue and outdoor kitchen.
From the entrance, a hall leads to the large living room and dining room, which is also conveniently located next to the kitchen. In the living room, a massive fireplace dominates and there is plenty of space for a sofa group and a grand piano. Patio doors open out onto the private pool and views down to the sea. The dining room part accommodates a large table with 10 seats. The dining room part and the living room part are separated by rustic arches.
Inside the living room there is another guest toilet, two bedrooms each with its own bathroom en-suite and small walk-in closet and a TV room/library that can be converted into a third bedroom. One bedroom has access to the terrace next to the pool. Next to the kitchen, at the other end of the house, there is another bedroom that is currently used as an office; this room also has direct access to the pool area.
Upstairs we find the well-proportioned master bedroom with a fireplace, terrace doors to a large balcony with fantastic views down to the sea. The bedroom also has an en-suite bathroom and a walk-in closet or baby room.
Adjacent to the kitchen is a spacious laundry room with rough entrance from the paved yard. The laundry room is equipped with two washing machines, two tumble dryers, a drying cabinet, space for storing and hanging laundry. From the kitchen, a spiral staircase leads up to a lovely sun terrace with an open view of the surroundings. One step down is the cellar with a wine cellar for storing and tasting wines.
Next to the pool there is room for sun loungers and on the large covered terrace there is a dining area and sofa groups.
The larger of the guest houses of 78.90 m2 was completely renovated about 5 years ago and is located on the basement floor with its own protected patio by the entrance. There is a small hall, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a living room with a fully equipped open kitchen. On the upper floor is the garage that belongs to the villa with space for 3 cars as well as a toilet and storage room used by the gardener and outside there is a large paved turning level with plenty of space to park more cars.
The second guest house of 50 m2 has two entrances, a kitchen entrance and an entrance directly to the small living room with beamed ceilings and at the entrance there is a cosy patio with brick stone benches. There are also two bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower.

In the large garden there are fruit trees, its own fountain, an altar and various patios to sit down for a while and just enjoy the greenery around.
The villa is equipped with under floor heating and air conditioning. The house has its own well for irrigation and purification for drinking water but can be connected to the municipal water network. It is also possible to connect to municipal sewage.
