Stunning 3 bedroom dúplex with panoramic sea and golf views for sale

Discover this impressive duplex apartment for sale in The Links II with breathtaking views of the sea and the Links golf course in Alcaidesa on the Costa del Sol.

Resale - Nestled in The Links II, one of the finest residential areas, this apartment boasts three bedrooms, two bathrooms (including an en suite), a guest toilet, and two spacious terraces. With approximately 170m2 of usable space, this property offers a generous and modern living environment.

The stylish living room and kitchen feature an open-plan design complemented by high-end Siemens kitchen appliances. The use of brands like Porcelanosa, Gaggenau and Schücco reflects the quality of this spectacular home. Some features are floor-to-ceiling windows, electrical shutters, underfloor heating and cooling throughout, luxury bathrooms, fitted wardrobes, and an aerothermal system for cooling and heating. This apartment is practically brand new, as it was recently delivered by the developer just one year ago. Take advantage of this opportunity to own a pristine apartment while paying fewer taxes.

The community amenities are exceptional, including a fully equipped gym, large swimming pool, Spa, Turkish bath, sauna, relaxation area, and even a co-working space. With convenient proximity to the beach, golf courses, and all common facilities, this location ensures a desirable lifestyle.

Where is The Links II?

This key-ready apartment is a rare gem, boasting panoramic views of the golf course and sea, all within a mere 200m walk to the beach. Adding to its allure, Alcaidesa's new 5-star hotel and unique Links golf course present an exceptional investment opportunity. Additionally, this property holds immense potential as a premium holiday rental, commanding high rental income during the peak season.

The Links enjoys a prime location with the beach and two golf courses at your doorstep. Not more than 10 minutes away is Sotogrande with its commercial areas, polo fields, and Marina, in addition to the three internationally renowned golf courses of Valderrama, Sotogrande Royal Golf Club, and San Roque Club. "The Links" is just 15 minutes away from Gibraltar's airport and 1.15 hrs from Malaga's International Airport.