This is a chic modern villa with outstanding panoramic sea views overlooking the iconic La Concha mountain and the surrounding countryside from its elevated position inside Monte Halcones, Benahavis.

From the moment you walk into the grand entrance hall of this stunning villa your eyes are immediately drawn to the quality interior design, high end finishes and unobstructed sea views, enjoyable from your garden and heated private swimming pool.

This property is built over three floors in a modern open plan style featuring 5 bedrooms, all en-suite, 7 bathrooms in total, a central atrium in the Andaluz Patio style with a retractable glass roof, two living rooms, a dining room, high quality porcelain kitchen with Gagennau appliances, office and also a ground floor gymnasium. The property is fully climate controlled and features a combination of high quality Scandinavian oak flooring and Porcleain surfaces throughout.

This south east facing villa has two impressive entrance gateways which access an internal parking area for several cars, a landscaped courtyard with beautiful fountain feature and also a large underground garage and storage area. 

Sitting within its own secure walls the property is protected by a sophisticated Target alarm, camera & intercom system with 24 hour surveillance so residents have total peace of mind all year round.

THE AREA
The property is located within the peaceful urbanization of Monte Halcones and is only a few minutes walk from the nearby small commercial shopping centre and a few minutes drive from the amenities of San Pedro, Benahavis and Puerto Banus. For the golfing enthusiasts, it is just a short drive from the golf courses of La Quinta and Los Arqueros.

Monte Halcones is accessed from the famous Ronda road and located just below the exclusive gated communities of El Madroñal and La Zagaleta.

With its excellent location and luxury finishes, this villa is a beautiful family home ideal for all year round living as well as being an excellent investment opportunity. 

The property has been built to the highest standard and has recently been completed. Offered for sale fully furnished and for immediate occupation.