Completely renovated, luxurious villa with spectacular views.

Welcome to this unique villa located in Mijas. 
The property dates back many years and was originally a mill/aqueduct called Molino de Arriba. Since then, it has been completely renovated into a beautiful, modern and luxurious home with plenty of space for the whole family - all while keeping original and raw features.

This villa is distributed over two floors and consists of two bedrooms, two en-suite bathrooms, one guest toilet, two living room areas, a dining area, an open-concept kitchen, a laundry room, several terraces with incredible views, a private pool and a guest house with an additional bedroom, bathroom and kitchen. 

On the ground floor, you enter the property through the large front door into the entrance, which straight away opens up into the first living room area. On your left, there is a guest toilet. The living room is bright and spacious and has a lovely gas fireplace implemented into an original wall dating back to the 17th century. From the living room, you can access the main terrace. Out here, you'll find the private pool as well as plenty of space for lounge furniture, a BBQ or a dining area. The terrace gives you fantastic panoramic views of the sea, mountains and authentic Spanish countryside. 
Back inside, you can either take the stairs up to the first floor or continue into the dining area, which is separated from the living room by the original wall. The dining area also opens up onto the terrace, but if you walk further in, you will find the open-concept kitchen. 

The kitchen is made from the finest materials and offers plenty of space to cook all your favourite meals. 
At the end of the kitchen, there are a small set of stairs leading up to the utility room. Here there is a door that takes you outside and leads you up to some of the original features of the house - a very old aqueduct. This is also where you'll find the stairs to the guest house.

Inside the house on the first floor, you'll enter the second living room area, currently being used as the tv room. This room is bright with plenty of windows as well as patio doors leading outside to a terrace and again out to the old aqueduct as well as one of the many fruit trees (this one being a lemon tree). You can also go up to the rooftop terrace, where you have panoramic views of the sea, mountains and surrounding areas. 

Walking further through the house, you enter the bedroom area. The first room is currently being used as an office but would be an ideal second bedroom. It's big and bright and has its own little balcony overlooking the pool. In addition to this bedroom, there is an en-suite bathroom with a walk-in shower. 
Just across the hall, you enter the luxurious master bathroom. It offers a very big walk-in shower complete with a waterfall shower head, as well as double sinks and a toilet hidden behind a glazed glass door. The toilet has seat heating. All the bathrooms in the house consist of Vola fixtures. 
From the master bathroom, you continue into the large walk-in closet with storage space on both sides and space in the middle to get dressed. Further in, you'll find the master bedroom, from where you can open up to two small balconies, both offering incredible sights. There's no better place to wake up in the morning. 

The guest house gives the perfect opportunity to house guests where they'll have their own bedroom with fitted wardrobes as well as a small, modern kitchen and a bathroom with a walk-in shower. The guest house also has its own small balcony with views of the mountains. 

Throughout the whole house, there is underfloor heating keeping you nice and warm during the winters. The entire plot is just under 3000m2, and there are solar panels generating electricity. 
The furniture can be negotiated.
Additionally it is possible to expand with more bedrooms. Please ask for architectural drawings and quote.