LOVELY 4 BEDROOM  DETACHED VILLA  -  GUARO
This very pretty house in the countryside is located just outside of the village of Guaro in a very peaceful location on the edge of La Sierra de las Nieves natural park. The house is distributed over two levels. On the ground floor is a spacious entrance hall, a cosy lounge, a country style fitted kitchen and a separate utility room. The upper level has three bedrooms  all of which are ensuite. The bedrooms open onto terraces which look out across the surrounding countryside. 
On the ground floor is a wonderful covered terrace overlooking the pool offering lots of shade and is a perfect area for al fresco dining.
To the rear of the house is a lovely courtyard where you will find a fourth bedroom and a separate bathroom. A pathway leads down to another building which could be an office, gym or a studio apartment.
The land and garden have various fruit trees and tropical plants surrounding the private pool..
A lovely family home and a great investment property. Country living with peace and privacy yet only 20 minutes from Marbella.
GUARO

Guaro is a small, pretty Andalusian village set in Sierra de las Nieves natural reserve park, which has been named a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve, the surrounding countryside is stunning and ideal for those wishing to enjoy a rural retreat, hiking or walking in the natural countryside of Andalusia.
The village is located just three kilometres from its better known sister historical Monda, six kilometres from Coín and only 20 kilometres from the coast and the upmarket resorts of Marbella, and Puerto Banus. The town itself is typical in Andalusian style, with some very attractive historical buildings, small local stores, and some lovely restaurants and bars. Once a year the sleepy village comes alive for the famous Luna Mora - a wonderful Andalusian festival, which takes place in Guaro around the second or third week of September. when the village is lit by thousands of candles and hundreds of visitors descend to enjoy the Moorish and Andalusian food, drink and musical entertainment.
Guaro is the idea beautiful and convenient location for those people wanting a home or holiday retreat in Real Spain.