An impressive complete with 3 houses and each one with an independent swimming pool and capacity between all of 38 people.

Incredible views of the Guadiaro River Valley and the Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park surround the property and with direct access to one of the avenues of the town of Jimera de Libar.

This wonderful complex consists of 3 independent houses below detailed what you will find in each of them. With 554 m2 of constructed area and 3,266 m2 of graphic area.

The First house has capacity for up to 15 people, it is built on one floor except for two bedrooms on the second floor.

On the first floor there is a 60 square meter living room with a fireplace, with 4.5 m high ceilings, a large fully equipped kitchen, three bedrooms and three complete bathrooms.

The exterior has a large covered barbecue, a 600 square meter garden, a 7 by 4 meter pool (fenced) and a solarium.

The Second property with capacity up to 18 seats.

Distributed over three floors, on the ground floor there is a 55 square meter living room with two fireplaces, a large kitchen and a complete bathroom adapted for people with reduced mobility.

On the first floor there are 4 large bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms.

The second floor has two attic bedrooms, each one measuring 18 square meters with an en-suite bathroom.

The rural house has a garden structured in two areas.

In one of them is the pool (fenced) of 7 by 4 meters with night lighting, barbecue, solarium.

This rural house is equipped in top quality rustic.

Radiator heating in all rooms.

The Third house with capacity up to 5 seats.

It is registered in the Andalusian Tourism Registry.

Keeping the rustic flavor of the area both inside (rustic plaster, wood on the ceilings and decoration) and outside, this rural house has been built on two floors; in the first is the living room and dining room with fireplace, toilet and kitchen.

On the second floor, a full bathroom and two bedrooms.

Outside there is a garden with a pool (fenced) and a barbecue.

Radiator heating in all rooms and in most of them with fan lamps.

The property has two entrances, one from the road with direct vehicle access to the farm and another with pedestrian access to one of the important streets of the town.

An impressive property with all the rooms with natural light, with all the comforts to enjoy throughout the year.

The exterior of the houses, together with all the land that this complex includes, makes this property unique with all the charms that it offers in terms of beauty, comfort and capacity.