Discover the Mediterranean paradise in this impressive villa in Benalmadena!
Living with views of the majestic Mediterranean Sea is the dream of many, and now you can make it come true with this wonderful property. From every corner of this villa, you can enjoy the dazzling bay of Fuengirola in all its splendor, while enjoying the vibrant colors of the sunsets, immersed in reading a book or in the company of good friends. The panoramic views it offers are truly unique!
Located on a 1,325 square meter lot, this three-story house with 539 meters built will surprise you with its exquisite design and its natural environment. Surrounded by a well-kept garden on different levels, the property offers spacious rooms and luxurious bathrooms, perfectly distributed to provide you with maximum comfort.
Upon entering, you will be greeted by a charming Andalusian patio, filled with lush vegetation. From there, you can access both the garage and the main house. As you enter the house, you will be welcomed by an impressive natural light in its spectacular living room, from where you can contemplate the panoramic views of the sea, Fuengirola and the entire property. In addition, the living-dining room merges with a modern kitchen, which opens onto the nature of your garden. On this noble floor, you will find the master suite, with a bathroom adorned with marble columns and a large walk-in closet. You will also have another spacious bedroom with its own bathroom.
Through an elegant marble staircase, you will access the second level, which has two bedrooms with private terraces and sea views. You will also find two spacious bathrooms, one of them en suite, and a large games room, TV room and gym. When you go out into the garden, you will access the third level, where a completely independent apartment awaits you with a large bedroom, bathroom and living room with kitchen. All these spaces are connected to another large terrace that invites you to relax and enjoy life in the open air. In addition, the villa has a majestic pool, a barbecue area with kitchen and bathroom, all protected by the privacy of a magnificent garden.
If you know how to appreciate the good life and enjoy every moment, this is the home you have been looking for. Do not miss the opportunity to make this villa your home. Come and live the Mediterranean dream at its best!
In compliance with the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of October 11, the client is informed that notary, registry, ITP expenses are not included in the price, real estate brokerage is included in the price.