Splendid corner duplex penthouse with beautiful mountain and sea view in el Soto Golf, a luxury Golf complex set in the exclusive La Mairena neighbourhood on the Elviria's hill side an area of outstanding natural beauty protected by UNESCO with panoramic views. The community includes beautiful grounds with garden and 2 tropical swimming pools and there is also tennis, paddle, gym, Spa and a private 9-hole golf course, all free for residents. Bar & restaurant in the on-site clubhouse. Presented in perfect condition, this penthouse is genuinely spacious providing comfortable size accommodation which is ideal as a family home, luxury holiday getaway of excellent buy2let investment. Cosy living room with double ceiling open onto a large terrace with views, brand new wood-burning fireplace, large fully fitted kitchen with utility room, guest bathroom and 2 double bedrooms of which one with its own terrace, on the main level. The master bedroom on the top floor enjoys it private terrace and features a great walk-in wardrobe an a enormous en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower and whirlpool bath. Private underground parking space and store room. Hot&cold air conditioning. Cream marble floors and marble bathrooms, Electric blinds. Located walking distance to the Soto Golf club house and a mere 2 minutes drive to local facilities such as restaurants, bistros, convenient store, sports and schools and less than 10 minutes drive to Elviria's bar, restaurants, supermarkets and Marbella's finest beaches.… Must be seen!!!

Beds: 3 | Baths: 2 | Living area: 139m2 | Terraces: 40m2 | Underground private parking & Storeroom | Facing: E | Swimming pool: 2in the complex | Construction year: 2007

Airport: 35 min drive - Marbella: 17 min drive - Puerto Banús: 22 min drive - Golf course: in front - Beach: 8 min drive - Closest Bars&restaurants: within the complex & 8 min drive - Amenities: 8 min drive - Public Transports: 9 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

