House of 4 plants surrounded of mountain and with seen to the sea in Marbella. 

We present this fantastic semi-detached house in Marbella of 300 m2 distributed over 4 floors.
This property is located in a private urbanization surrounded by nature and a few minutes from the sea. In its surroundings there are several trails and routes for hiking, a viewpoint to see spectacular sunsets with views of the sea in the background. In addition, it has playgrounds, a sports area, a skate area, a dog park and a bus stop.
From the urbanization we are a few minutes from the La Cañada Shopping Center, the Paseo Marítimo, the Fishing Port, schools, the health center, the Costa del Sol Hospital and 10 minutes from Puerto Banús and Corte Inglés.

The house is built on 4 floors, on the main floor there is a garage with capacity for two cars, a fully equipped kitchen, a toilet and a spacious and bright living room with a fireplace with access to a large semi-covered terrace equipped with a worktop. with barbecue and a laundry room.
On the second floor we find 3 bedrooms and a toilet. The master bedroom with bathroom en suite also has a large dressing room and access to a terrace with mountain views. The other two bedrooms have fitted wardrobes.
On the top floor we have a rustic-style attic with a full bathroom and access to a small terrace. In addition, it has a laundry room and another terrace with views of the sea and mountains.

The property has a fully conditioned basement as if it were an apartment, with a large living room with kitchenette, a double bedroom with a built-in wardrobe and a conditioned bathroom with Jacuzzi and hydromassage shower.

This house has solar panels for hot water and photovoltaic panels to save on electricity consumption, it also has an armored door, security bars on all windows and doors for greater security and osmosis.

It is a great opportunity as a main home and as an investment.

If you need more information or would like to make a visit, do not hesitate to contact us.