Finca with B&B potential at a very short distance from Alora!

This beautiful house is located near the authentic Spanish village of Alora, within walking distance of the center!
The house is in a beautiful location and is very well accessible via a tarmac road. The property offers complete privacy, with no neighbors overlooking the property, and the plot (7000m2) is fenced and accessed through an automatic gate with camera.
Upon entering the finca you enter a beautiful green oasis. In 20 years time, the current owners have created a beautiful atmosphere with various shady sitting areas, water features and a beautiful garden with a lovely swimming pool. Special is the working water source on the site, the supply of irrigation water and the connection of the house to city water.
The current owners have started the procedure for an AFO registration which will be included in the sales process!
When you enter the main building, you immediately notice the spacious layout and the use of high-quality building materials. The main house has a living room, kitchen, office, one bedroom and two luxurious bathrooms. The kitchen is fitted with essential appliances including an integrated dishwasher, American style fridge freezer, gas hob and electric oven. There is an air conditioning system in all rooms and the pellet stove ensures a pleasant temperature in the winter.
Next to the owner's house is an apartment. This has its own access and terrace, but is also accessible from the main house through a double door. This apartment has a sitting room, kitchen, bathroom and a bedroom and is very spacious.
The second apartment is located below the main house and also has its own access and terrace. This apartment is completely finished and has a clear modern Andalusian atmosphere. There is a living room with sitting area and dining area, two bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and a complete kitchen. The terrace is next to the pool!
Finally, there is a large building of almost 200m2. This has always served as general storage and was used as a fitness room. There is a bathroom and there are all preparations regarding drains and water supply for the installation of a kitchen. This building has the possibility, after AFO registration, to be used as extra space for apartments, if you want to use this property as a luxury holiday accommodation. This building can of course also be used as a large warehouse.
The outdoor space of this house is special! There are many places in the garden where sitting areas have been created with shade, there is a lovely swimming pool and there are a few roof terraces to enjoy the winter sun. There is a lot of privacy!
Solar panels have been installed on the roof of the house (5 kWh) and there is a solar boiler system for hot water.
Finally, a separate entrance can be made on the lower part of the site for guests to park. With some imagination, this is also a wonderful area for placing an alternative holiday accommodation such as a tiny house or yurt!
Electricity and internet are connected.

This property offers an opportunity to achieve a great rental return in Alora. The municipality of Alora has a tourist award and the rental in this area can be used throughout the year.


