This Bright Corner Penthouse Apartment in La Quinta, Benahavís is a truly stunning property that offers breath-taking panoramic views of the sea, golf course, and mountains. Located in one of the most sought-after areas in the region, this apartment combines luxury with convenience, making it an ideal choice for discerning individuals.

As you step into the apartment, you are immediately greeted by an abundance of natural light, and a spacious living room with a wood burning fire and access to a large terrace with stunning views.
There are three double bedrooms, each offering privacy and comfort. The master bedroom boasts an en-suite bathroom, walk-in wardrobe and a private terrace where you can enjoy your morning coffee while soaking in the stunning views. The other bedrooms are equally inviting and are serviced by a separate bathroom.
The kitchen is fully equipped, and the apartment comes furnished with high-quality fittings and finishes, ensuring a luxurious and comfortable lifestyle. Additionally, residents have access to communal facilities, including beautifully landscaped gardens and a swimming pool.

With its prime location, modern amenities, and breath-taking views, this is an exquisite property that offers the perfect blend of beauty and functionality.

Known as Marbella's district or a part of Nueva Andalucía, it actually belongs to the municipality of Benahavís. The prestigious La Quinta is made up of several small-scale urbanizations with high-end villas, townhouses and apartments. You will have access to a fantastic range of leisure facilities, the 27-hole golf course, Golf Academy, restaurants, bars and cafés, spa, gym, etc. La Quinta Golf's Clubhouse with a gourmet restaurant and a scenic terrace is the social hub of the area. Adjacent to the golf course, the 5* hotel Westin La Quinta Golf Resort & Spa ranks among the top 5 in the region. All the amenities of Nueva Andalucía, Puerto Banús, San Pedro and Marbella Centre are within minutes' drive.

Whilst we always make utmost efforts to keep property availability and prices fully up to date, please be advised that any current displayed details are subject to change without notice due to sales activities.  

