A very special key-ready home within a few minutes of Sotogrande to the west and la Puerta de la Duquesa to the east.

BLISSFUL UNINTERRUPTED PANORAMIC VEWS......JUST MINUTES FROM SOTOGRANDE MARINA.
SOLD KEY READY AND FULLY FURNISHED FOR FULL ASKING PRICE.

We like:
Panoramic sea views!
Close proximity to Sotogrande Marina.
Open plan living and kitchen area.
Exceptional high quality furnitures and fixtures included.
Private terrace with additional garden
Underfloor heating in the bathrooms.
75" TV and sound bar


Scroll through images to see floor plan.
South-facing 2 bedroom GARDEN apartment within a 2 minute drive of the luxury marina of Sotogrande.
This is a very unique opportunity to own a 2 bedroom ground floor apartment overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and towards the marina of Sotogrande. Views like these don't come along very often. View overlooking Sotogrande, Gibraltar and far over the Mediterranean to the northern coast of Africa. This immaculate Manilva apartment is very special.
From the underground parking there is a lift that goes directly to the front door of this lovely Manilva apartment, with easy access for those with reduced mobility. Open the front door and the impact of the panoramic views is nothing short of astonishing. The Rock of Gibraltar is clearly visible and the incredible colours of the Mediterranean Sea and the sky above it´s horizon are those that dreams are made of. This is the daily panorama that the new owners of this property will witness day in and day out.
The hallway leads into the open plan kitchen with large wooden dining table. Extra details have been added to this kitchen, ensuring that the kitchen cupboards are fitted from floor to ceiling without gaps, and the work surface has been improved to give pleasing lines. All the kitchen appliances have been upgraded with Bosch brands and this includes a new extraction fan above the hob which is a cool and functional design.
The kitchen units are a cool white finish which sits beautifully with the deep grey of the upgraded work surface. the kitchen area blends seamlessly into the dining and living room areas, and the entire south-facing wall of this room is fitted with floor to ceiling reinforced glass patio doors, which when open allow for interior and exterior space to be integrated, but when closed provide absolute privacy thanks to the specialised two-way mirror tinted film that has been applied to these expansive glass windows.
There are 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in this Manilva apartment. The master is spacious and also benefits from tall windows on which the specialised film has also been applied. It has an en-suite bathroom with large walk-in shower and double wash-basins. The second bedroom is only slightly smaller and has access across the hallway to the second bathroom which can also be used by guests.
The complex is set in lovely gardens with plenty of lawns which are taken care of by the community gardeners. There is a huge swimming pool, a bespoke child-play area with swings and climbing frames, and a community gymnasium with great space for yoga and meditation.
Sunrise Heights is a complex that is built in the contemporary style allowing for wonderful outdoor spaces and plentiful light entering through floor to ceiling windows. The most glorious feature of this fabulous complex in Manilva is the incredible panorama that can be enjoyed from sunrise to sunset. Located on a hill just 3 minutes drive to Sotogrande, this privileged position gives some of the best views possible on the coast of Southern Spain.
The complex is accessed via automated gates into the underground garage where there is designate private parking and storeroom.