This well-positioned apartment bright and spacious ground floor is situated in the famous Los Granados de la Duquesa, Manilva Costa Del Sol. Front-line beach property between the marina of La Duquesa and the charming village of El Castillo. This is three bedrooms with fitted wardrobes in the rooms and the corridor, 2 bathrooms, a fully fitted kitchen with laundry area, 30 m2 bright spacious lounge diner that opens out to a good size east-facing terrace of 38 m2 which benefits views to the beach and communal gardens.
The urbanization has gated access directly out onto the beach. The community offers 24h security/concierge, one swimming pool open all year, a beach bar for owners, and lovely communal gardens. 
The apartment is in good all-round order and viewing is highly recommended. Garage and storage are included in the price.
The location, Puerto de la Duquesa really is one of the Costa del Sol's best marinas. Although within easy reach of the airports of Malaga (60 min) and Gibraltar (45 min), Estepona (10 min) La Duquesa is far enough from the noise but close to everything you need. The beautiful port of La Duquesa offers complete Marina services for boating enthusiasts as well. The attractive promenades surrounding the port offer a variety of restaurants, shops, bars, and cafes in which to spend endearing moments.


Ground Floor Apartment, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 123 m², Terrace 38 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, 24 Hour Reception, Near Church, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Beachfront, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
