LUXURIOUS 4-5 bedroomed detached villa  in El Rosario, 
with TROPICAL gardens, private heated swimming pool, JACUZZI, pool-side gym & special sauna. 

Contemporary-classic designed villa suitable as full-time family home, as a second property or as an investment as a 5-star holiday rental property with proven success & the option to continue with the current rentals management and/or maintenance services. Tourist license in place.  The villa is south-facing and has 4-5 bedrooms & 5,5 bathrooms and is set in an enviable location within the exclusive El Rosario gated community. It has been fully reformed and maintained to the highest standards and is designed for combining complete inside & outside living. 
Options available include complete turn-key furnishings. 

Accommodation comprising:  
4 large double bedrooms, each with fully fitted wardrobes & own ensuite bathroom including complete master bedroom suite on the first floor, with two dressing rooms, a large ensuite bathroom with walk-in shower & free-standing bath, private bedroom balcony & large sunbathing terrace overlooking the gardens & pool.

There is also an additional 5th bedroom / office / family room located on ground floor,  currently including a double sofa bed & desk.

The open-plan living areas include a large fully-fitted island kitchen with 2 full-height integrated fridge freezers, coffee machine, filtered water system & wine fridge. The lounge overlooks the garden terrace and has an LED fireplace and large TV, the dining area is adjacent with a feature rooflight leading to the large exterior lounge-dining terrace with outside kitchen & bar, built-in gas BBQ and Jacuzzi,  perfect for evening entertaining.  There is also a separate guest WC and large storage cupboard in the entrance hallway & small utility room from the kitchen.

Outside, the large swimming pool has a new pool heater and is overlooked by it's own private gym with a separate feature sauna and a chill-out pergola seating area,  there is also an outside bathroom with toilet & shower for use with the gym or pool,  all of the property is surrounded by mature landscaped gardens making it very private, including lawned areas, timber decking & terraces.  

The villa has a private driveway with parking for 2-3 cars,  an automated vehicle gate & a separate video-entry pedestrian gate plus two exterior stores.

Services include air conditioning,  underfloor heating in the bathrooms, solar hot water,  WiFi, security alarm & spectacular outside lighting.
