Casa Colinas stands for peace, tranquility and absolute luxury. This special and beautiful villa is truly one of it´s kind, with 6 bedrooms and 8 bathrooms, completely built to the highest luxurious standards with exclusive materials used throughout, and yet it provides a feeling of home. Plus there is a complete apartment with it's own kitchen. 

The mansion was built on a 3,650 sq m large plot, It offers magnificent views of the nature: mountains, river and sea, and as far as to Africa.
It is located in a private, secluded and video-monitored gated community of Monte Mayor, 10 minutes up in the mountains behind Marbella. 

The features of the villa include a large professional kitchen extended from the 140 sq m living room, spacious terraces w/ 850 sq m and patio with water fountain from Provence, installed music and sound system by Bang & Olufsen, underfloor heating, large heated 18,5m long pool w/ built in bar, cinema room, wine cellar, Spa w/ steam bath/hamam, gym, laundry room, solar cell plant, complete apartment w/ kitchen, Bbq & wood fired pizza oven, technique room w/ DAIKIN installation, air to air/water system, hidden emergency water tanks.

All table tops are brasilian granite. 
Gaggenau: wine coolers, fridge & freezer, microwave/ oven, steamer, induction plates, extractor, dishwashers
The Coffee brewer is "Scanomat Top Brewer"

With 450 meters above sea level, it is built into a south and west facing mountain slope and stands solitary as the last villa on the edge of a protected national park. Everything in the view is nature's own down through the valley to the coastal land and the Mediterranean Sea. As a protected national park, nothing will change, so no properties will come into view, and the sun will always go undisturbed down behind the mountain. Location, location, location, that's what always comes first before uncompromising, exclusive villas are built. Casa Colinas is located in the mountain region of Benahavis just 6 kilometers from the town of Benahavis, a beautiful, white-washed Pueblo in one of the most mountainous areas in the western Costa del Sol. 

