This luxury flat in Fuengirola is fully furnished by Homeinspain with warm earth tones and lots of use of wood. The flat will be move-in ready and features two bedrooms and 67sqm of interior space. The outdoor space is 21.5m² and the terrace has outdoor furniture of the highest quality and overlooks beautiful gardens. The flat is part of a progressive and otherwise completely sold-out project. This project is a high-quality, innovative and sustainable residential development built on a green slope overlooking the Fuengirola coastline, in a quiet and secluded area. The flat is surrounded by and overlooks carefully landscaped gardens to create a sense of tranquillity around the property. Inside, the flat offers plenty of natural light, elegant details and a modern open-plan design.

The entire development covers an area of more than 500,000m², with more than 100,000m² of sustainable green spaces, with walkways and cycle paths.

Live, work, play
Owners can take advantage of the extensive on-site facilities, including, for example, mini shopping, sports facilities, a spa and exceptional dining options.

The project will also include a modern co-working business centre with concierge service.

The following facilities will be at your disposal within this beautiful project: playgrounds for children, a park for pets, land for organic plantations, a shuttle service to the beach and parking spaces for electric cars and bicycles.

This new neighbourhood will be built adjacent to the Reserva del Higueron Resort Sport Club and Nagomi Spa. A lifetime family subscription (worth €6,000) to Nagomi Spa is included with the purchase of your property.

Occupying an area of over 12,000 m2, the sports club has a high-tech gym and indoor and outdoor swimming pools. Group classes and swimming lessons are available for both adults and children.

Finally, there are also two courts for tennis, volleyball and basketball and 12 padel courts that host the annual Pro Tour Paddle Tournament.

Location
The project is the perfect base to explore the cosmopolitan area of the Costa del Sol, which offers a wide range of culture, gastronomy, shopping and beaches. In the immediate surroundings, you will also find beautiful mountains, forests, lakes and typical Andalusian villages.

With more than 60 golf courses within a one-hour radius, this development is in the sporting centre of Europe, with sailing, polo, horsebackriding and all kinds of water sports facilities in the immediate vicinity.

Located in Fuengirola
5 min from the beach
15 min from Malaga airport
25 min from Marbella
