Casa Luz, is very recently built, from 2021; located in the municipality of Casares. It is corner and adjacent to green area. Modern construction and high quality finishes. It develops on 2 floors connected by a beautiful ladder of circular design of iron and wood.
To highlight the high ceilings for their double height; kitchen with open island with clean lines.
On the ground floor we find a very large hall where the beautiful staircase connects with the upper floor and balcony area overlooking the living room; a bathroom with shower; bedroom; and living room with several rooms; the open kitchen connected with the dining room and living room with fireplace with a spectacular height.

The house has about 150 m2. approximate built and has a private pool in a patio overlooking the green area with palm trees and private parking area. Exterior lock with pedestrian and car access doors.

Built with high quality materials; large-format porcelain Italian soil; with a design that makes it a very bright house, for its high ceilings, and open to the pool area.
It has white lacquered wooden doors; anthracite aluminum design carpentry with automatic shutters. Descalcifier; Air conditioning hot/cold centralized through; fully equipped kitchen with island.
The consumptions are insignificant since it has photovoltaic plates for electricity and also photovoltaic plates for the hot water sanitary with a 300 liter battery. The pool is salt. A house full of details to enjoy great comfort.


Detached Villa, Casares, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 126 m², Terrace 80 m², Garden/Plot 180 m².

Setting : Village, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating, Fireplace.
Views : Pool, Courtyard, Street.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Utility Room, Double Glazing, Near Church.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System.
Parking : Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Photovoltaic solar panels.
Category : Investment.
