This spectacular luxury home is offered for sale in Los Monteros, the most exclusive coastal area of Marbella East. 

The location is truly privileged, within walking distance (250 meters) to the sandy beaches and very close to all amenities for the most sophisticated living. A privileged residential community (with 24 hours security) enjoying plenty of surrounding amenities, from restaurants, golf courses and beach clubs (just a few steps from the famous and renewed "La Cabane DOLCE & GABBANA"), and well connected to the airport, international schools, sport facilities and hospitals. A sophisticated retreat, this 6 bedroom home seamlessly integrates indoor and outdoor living while showcasing masterful, modern detail. Built harmoniously with its surrounding nature, enjoy multiple outdoor lounges, an expansive heated pool and covered dining area. This ultra-private property is situated moments from Marbella's acclaimed dining, shopping & entertainment.

Full of charm, style and character, this contemporary style villa of 1022 m² built is ideal for all year round living, holidays or as an investment. It sits on a plot of 1.644 m² with a large heated swimming pool and outdoor ZEN living (Bali Style) surrounded by a mature garden with green lawns, sculptural trees and subtropical hedge plants providing total privacy, a perfect place to relax and enjoy every moment of life. 

The main entrance leads to the elegant open plan living area with a lounge with fireplace, a dining area and a beautiful stylish BOFFI kitchen fully equipped with Gaggenau equipment. It connects to a large terrace with outdoor dining, chill-out and many sunbathing areas, looking like a 5 star hotel. Now the villas has 4 modern and cosy bedrooms and 1 office room on ground and upper level, all with very spacious and relaxing sleeping spaces featuring accent walls, serene neutral bedding, elegant furniture and artwork. All the bedrooms (4+1) have ensuite modern bathrooms (5), and in the basement level there are 1 extra bedroom, and 2 more bathrooms, 1 of those connected with a complete installed gym and Turkish BATH. 

The basement is really "hugh", and with his 300 m2 built you have also parking spaces for 4 cars, space for a cinema room, and there is accommodation for the STAFF. Not to forget the contemporary wine cellar, and the industrial laundry room with 4 machines (2 wash and 2 dryer of 18kg each) equipment, and with plenty of storage spaces.

The villa has excellent qualities, high end furnishings and decoration, this luxury property in Marbella East is offered for sale in excellent condition. It is tastefully furnished in trendy modern style, from the Top Dutch interior designer Eric Kuster, which relies on the perfect balance of classic and contemporary, European and international. "Every part of the house makes a statement, from the high ceilings and vast open spaces to the quality of the workmanship that's gone into its creation". Introducing a sense of scale and structure was of paramount importance of the designer: "You have to get scale just right if you want a home to feel impressive but intimate. Similarly, by carefully structuring the room layouts and the way in which spaces flow one into another you can make a large house that might have seemed overly rambling appear as a unified whole."

Specially-designed pieces to complement the space include a coffee table the size of a double bed, oversized chandeliers, a huge smoked-glass fireplace and the owners' collection of stone Buddhas. What's clear is that Kuster stuck firmly to his client's brief to use the best of everything, with the result a home that conveys a sense of five-star hotel-like luxury. Meanwhile, by using the same pieces but in complementary neutral shades of browns and greys – furniture in the bedrooms and downstairs, on rugs, for example – a sense of coherence was conveyed.

Given that much of Spanish life is lived outdoors, the garden was a key component of the project. Its pool and terrace, furnished with specially designed pieces, succeed in bringing the indoors out and the outdoors in.

The house has underfloor heating, gas, air conditioning, heating in the swimming pool, automatic irrigation system, barbecue, a lot of exterior lightning, and surveillance cameras, video intercom and alarm system, and there is 24 hours security in the urbanisation, which will give you peace of mind.

This villa is not just a residence; it's a sophisticated statement of refined living, a real masterpiece inviting you to experience the ultimate in relaxing. 

Excellent opportunity to move in and enjoy the most exclusive Mediterranean lifestyle close to one of Marbella's best beaches, golf courses and all amenities in a prime location!
Los Monteros is the best residential area next to the main beach in the eastern part of Marbella and undoubtedly one of the best addresses on the Costa del Sol. Surrounded by Mediterranean pine forests, with impressive properties loved by celebrities and influential people, it is very quiet, peaceful and secure, but also very well communicated. All sports facilities are close by, Los Monteros Racket Club, Marbella Rugby Club, Kitesurf Marbella, an excellent selection of tennis clubs and golf courses.

The 5* Los Monteros Hotel Resort will reopen in 2024 and meanwhile is undergoing a comprehensive refurbishment. IHG Hotels & Resorts has announced the signing of a new agreement under which its Kimpton brand will manage the Los Monteros Marbella hotel, which becomes the luxury brand's third hotel establishment in Spain. 


