Significant price reduction!

Welcome to Buena Vista Hills. Nestled up in the hillside of La Sierra de Mijas this up and coming gated community offers the up most tranquility. Located just above the area of Higueron Buena Vista offers beautiful picturesque views of the pine forests and Mediterranean sea in the distance. Also offering excellent accessibility to the motorway you are within easy reach to main towns and cities such as Malaga capital, Fuengirola and Marbella. 
We would like to introduce to you a very unique project consisting of a detached property with two separate one bedroom apartments set on it's own plot of over 700m2, the property is distributed over 3 levels. As you enter the property on the main level you have the 1st of two self-contained individual one bedroom apartments. The middle level consists of the other self-contained one bedroom apartment and the lowest level consists of a large basement area of 124m2. 
The apartments both have their private entrance, open plan living areas with open plan kitchen, 1 double bedroom and complete bathroom. Both apartments have their own large terrace area. The property comes with a good sized garden with pre-installations ready for a swimming pool to be installed. 
The property has an abundance of potential and could be your next excellent investment. 
The house can either be kept as two individual properties and the basement level could be converted into an additional self-contained apartment turning this investment into 3 separate properties allowing great opportunities for rentals in this vibrant up and coming area.
The property could also be converted into a traditional family home consisting of 3-6 bedrooms which again in such an area with high demand will increase the value tremendously. Should the property be converted into a conventional family home the basement area can easily accommodate additional bedrooms or turned into an impressive leisure facility including home cinema, spa, gym or games room. The possibilities are endless. A viewing is highly recommended in order to get a true appreciation of this property's incredible opportunities. Prices and quotes for all works will be provided by our professional construction and renovation experts. 
