THE PROPERTY

Impressive modern villa totally renovated for large family or a home with separate guest suite only 5 minutes from the beach. 
The ingenious design of this house gives it potential and flexibility. Sitting centrally on a nearly flat plot of 1500 square meters, this villa has 8 double bedrooms and 8 modern bathrooms. The bedrooms remain flexible and can be converted easily to office,playroom,gym,studio etc.

On the ground floor there is a large saloon,dinning room and new fitted Miele Kitchen with top of the range appliances.(this saloon has been designed to be converted to a cinema room if preferred) 
There are 5 double bedrooms here all ensuite all with triple glazed patio doors leading to the garden and patio.

On the first floor you will find a very special open plan living area with dual aspect views east and west (sun all day) leading to balconies and swimming pool. Modern saloon, large dining room and a brand new designer kitchen fitted with top of the range Neff equipment.
The huge master bedroom has a balcony of its own, his and her bathroom with Villeroy & Boch china. There is an amazing walk in shower with a rain head, body and hand held jets. A dedicated dressing room and her bathroom with a corner whirlpool bath completes this suite.

A further large double bedroom Ensuite with access through patio doors to the garden.

The villa comes with permission to add a glass conservatory and a huge roof terrace with view to the sea and mountains.

Outside to the front, there is a double garage and parking for 5 or more cars. A large easy to maintain lawned garden. Once through the electric gates, a flat drive leads to this amazing looking modern villa finished in white with sharp corners and new windows.
Outside to the back, a large south facing swimming pool looks inviting all year. Roman steps for easy walking or deep enough for diving and LED mood lighting. Lots of terrace area around the pool for sunbathing and relaxing.

Location could not be better, next to the beach, near a top golf course, close to cherenquitos and restaurants, San Pedro shopping/promenade and only 5 minutes to Puerto Banus.
This homes comes with rental income potential and is licensed to trade as a rental/hotel. 58.000 Euro of booking already within 3 months.

Detached Villa, San Pedro de Alcántara, Costa del Sol.