Located in the prestigious Elviria Hills, this exceptional penthouse offers an exceptional living experience. This luxurious residence has three bedrooms and all with en-suite bathrooms plus a guest toilet. Large airy kitchen with own laundry room and storage. The penthouse has several terraces designed with careful attention to the full enjoyment of the fantastic view.

When you enter the apartment from your private elevator, you will be captivated by the elegant interior, where tasteful furnishings and the fantastic view create an inviting atmosphere. The spacious living area is filled with an abundance of natural light, creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere that complements the breathtaking views. The true gem of this penthouse is the large terrace, which offers unparalleled 360-degree views of the shimmering sea, picturesque golf course and majestic mountains. From here you can enjoy the beauty and surroundings, a lifestyle defined by peace and quiet.

The well-appointed bedrooms offer a peaceful retreat with plenty of space, built-in wardrobes and large windows with captivating views of the surrounding countryside. The bathrooms radiate luxury and pleasant relaxation.

From the garage you have direct access to the top floor with the private elevator and there are two parking spaces and a storage room.

Located in the esteemed award-winning community of Elviria Hills with 220,000 square meters of land and tropical gardens, residents have exclusive access to an array of amenities. Golf enthusiasts will enjoy the proximity to the fantastic golf course, providing endless opportunities to refine your swing and enjoy leisurely rounds amidst breathtaking scenery, driving range with putting greens, a golf pro shop with indoor gym. The community itself offers meticulously manicured gardens, 9 sparkling poolareas, tennis courts and not least the famous Michelin Star awarding Restaurante El Lago with their beautiful terrace overlooking a wonderful artificial lake where you can enjoy the fine environment and exciting meals.

These exceptional facilities cater to the residents' every need, ensuring a well-rounded and indulgent lifestyle. This penthouse located in Elviria Hills offers not only stunning natural surroundings but also convenient access to nearby amenities and experiences for all ages. Whether you're looking for world-class dining, shopping or vibrant entertainment options, it's all just a short walk away.
