Wonderful 5-bedroom villa, with pool, garden, and views of the Sotogrande golf course with a plot of 1,500m2. This property with excellent qualities, is distributed in a very comfortable way, where at the entrance you have a huge hall to act as a good host and to receive your visits. On the right side we have 2 very spacious rooms, with fitted wardrobes, double windows, which share a full bathroom. On the left side we have another 2 rooms, also very spacious, with built-in wardrobes, double windows and 2 en-suite bathrooms, providing absolute convenience, independence and comfort. In the lower part we have another room with a bathroom, as well as a toilet. Then we have a large kitchen equipped with absolutely all electrical appliances, and an outdoor laundry area. Then we go to a beautiful and huge living room with a fireplace, where you can spend hours comfortably on the sofa, while you watch television, read, work. E. We continue with a double space made up of terraces, with tables and chairs in two different parts to the left and right, both to enjoy while having a drink contemplating the panoramic views of the golf course and surroundings. The villa has a garage where you can park 3 cars, but you also have the outside where another 3 enter. But continue as it has a couple of storage areas and a place under the garage where you can make another room for whatever you want , movie theater, gamer area, office, recording studio, whatever you want. You also have a very spacious and comfortable garden area, since it is on a flat surface, where you have a private pool where you can bathe or sunbathe all year round. It also has another part where you have fruit trees, an orchard/cultivation area, and a last unexploited area where you could build a guest apartment, or level land and further expand the garden, make a tennis court or futsal, the possibilities are multiple. The property has central air in all rooms, radiators, diesel tanks for hot air, 600 liter boiler. It also has a barbecue, shower in the pool, above all tranquility and total privacy. It is only 5 kilometers from the Montessori School, the same distance as the shopping center with the Corte Inglés Supermarket, Mercadona, Centro Dental among others. In addition to the beach 6 kilometers. The urbanization is guarded 24 hours a day by a main security booth and a car patrolling the surroundings. So you have total security. Undoubtedly a unique place to live relaxed.