Beautiful penthouse in Vasari Resort next to Puerto Banús.

Description
This penthouse is located in the Vasari - Alzambra complex, a beautiful arabesque-style community with private security and located just 2 minutes drive from Puerto Banus and the beautiful beaches of Nueva Andalucía.

Light, light and more light.
When you enter the apartment what stands out is the light there is, there is a small hall that connects the large living room with the kitchen and the first of the rooms on the ground floor.

To the left is the fully fitted kitchen with dishwasher, fridge-freezer and washing machine in the utility room. Give to a first
glazed terrace where you can have breakfast on winter days and another large terrace.

The apartment has a nice living room with a terrace overlooking the community pool area and the sea.
On the main floor we have a spacious bedroom with fitted wardrobes and a private bathroom. The second bedroom is located upstairs, also with an ensuite bathroom with a bath and shower. This second bedroom also enjoys its own private terrace, with lovely open views to the exotic gardens and pool area.

The entire house is equipped with air conditioning and heating. In addition, it has a private parking space and a large storage room. The complex offers a beautiful large swimming pool and is surrounded by palm trees and a fountain. Vasari Vacation Resort makes available to all its residents a wide range of services so that they can enjoy everything that the Costa del Sol has to offer with the greatest comfort. Nearby it includes a hairdresser, paddle tennis courts, babysitting service, airport transfer, reservation of the golf course or the beach bar, among others.

In addition to being the perfect place for a second home or vacation home, Vasari Vacation Resort is also a great opportunity as a rental investment, as the Resort's location is very popular. You can use the on-site rental service, use any other third-party rental service you like, or even rent it yourself.

Built on a residential plot, but it has a tourist license as a whole, because at first (2004), it was built for this purpose.
It can be transferred as a regular home, and dedicated to hotel operations, or private use.