An amazing opportunity for a stunning villa in the highly desirable golf course urbanization in Valle Romano, Estepona.  This beautiful villa has been tastefully updated throughout and incorporates the most modern styles whilst retaining its original charm.

Valle Romano is a fabulous golf course complex just 10 mins from the heart of Estepona.  This popular town has a vast selection of shops, supermarkets, tapas bars and restaurants.  There is also the well established marina and a selection of sandy beaches including the beautiful Cristo Beach.

This south facing Valle Romano villa is entered from a quite cul-de-sac via driveway gates to a private carport. The attractive entrance and front door leads to a welcoming reception area.   The living room and dining area are dominated by large picture windows and high, vaulted ceilings. This allows plenty of character and natural light as well as providing views over the garden and swimming pool below. The living room also has a charming, focal fireplace. The open plan theme flows to a superb contemporary fully fitted kitchen with breakfast bar area. In addition, there is an independent utility and storeroom.

The Master Bedroom is spacious and airy with a large dressing area and a stylish en-suite with walk-in shower. The guest bedroom is also a good size and has views over the garden and to the golf course. There is also a spacious and modern family bathroom on this level too.

A modern staircase leads from the living room to the upper level. Previously a large terrace, this area has been tastefully converted to a huge games room and chill out area. This room could provide further sleeping accommodation if required, Large windows provide much natural light and amazing 360º views, taking in Estepona mountain, the golf courses of Valle Romano and Azata, the sea and mountains of North Africa in the distance. In addition, there is a super terrace area enjoying the views a beautiful sunsets.

An external staircase leads from the dining area down to the mature garden and independent guest apartment, with a large bedroom and en-suite bathroom. The garden and swimming pool lie to the south of the plot and enjoys all day sunshine. Here there is also a covered gazebo area – its ideal for al fresco dining, or simply taking respite from the sun. The garden completely surround the property and provide excellent outdoor space to enjoy the Mediterranean lifestyle.

This fabulous villa is in immaculate condition having been tastefully transformed by the current owners. The property makes a beautiful home or holiday home with rental potential. Viewing is highly recommended.