Detached Villa, Alhaurín de la Torre, 
Possibly suitable for use as Bed and Breakfast  holiday rentals.
Subject to obtaining licences 

Detached villa in the Pinos de Alhaurín Urbanization, with a total area of 375 m2 built, on a plot of 1.000 m2, with outdoor parking for 4 vehicles, barbecue area and gazebo, 10x5 saltwater pool, tool shed.

Garden with automatic irrigation, in which there are a great variety of fruit trees, with a spectacular avocado, as well as a multitude of ornamental plants.

The house has two entrances, since due to its distribution it can be used as two independent houses with the kitchen as a common point.

CONSISTS OF:
Ground floor: large fully equipped kitchen, with access to the garden, two living rooms, a bedroom with a complete bathroom and a toilet.
First floor: five bedrooms, with three bathrooms and a large terrace. The master bedroom with bathroom included and dressing room. All have built in wardrobes.
Tower: terrace and viewpoint.
Basement: large living room, with the possibility of making a kitchen, since it has all the facilities for this, study room, office, cellar, laundry and large dressing room.
Boiler room: Roca diesel boiler, with 1 tank. 000 liters, with the facilities in sight.

House to enter to live, painted the facade and the bars, as well as inside in 2020.
The windows are double glazed tilt-and-turn. Oil heating and ACS and hot-cold air conditioning in all rooms.
Due to its location it is ideal, since it is a few meters from the bus stop to Malaga and universities. Stop of the route of schools and institutes.
The urbanization of Pinos de Alhaurín is located 3 km from Alhaurín de la Torre, 21 km from Malaga and 13 km from the beach.

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Forest.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Guest House, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Basement.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
