Beachfront opportunity: Beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment with terrace with sea and beach views in the luxury residential La Noria IV; garage and storage included!

This bright south-facing apartment is beautifully furnished, in excellent condition, ready to move in or rent out. It has a terrace with beautiful panoramic views of the sea and the beach.

The apartment consists of a large living room with sliding doors that open onto the terrace, a fully equipped independent kitchen with appliances and access to an utility room, a very large master bedroom with en-suite bathroom and a second bedroom with independent family bathroom. It is one of the most spacious apartments in the complex and has many built-in wardrobes. 

The apartment has marble floors, several built-in wardrobes, an electric water heater, and double glazing on all windows/balcony doors. You don't have to worry about where to park, as it comes with a place in the  video-surveilled underground garage; and it also comes with a storage room in the same garage included in the price.

The residential is located in a very privileged location, in the bustling village of San Luis de Sabinillas and with all services but in a quiet and safe area with 24-hour security.

The urbanization has direct access to the promenade and has 2 paddle tennis courts, community pool, children's pool, and playground. It has very well-maintained gardens with small fountains and benches that invite you to relax in the shade of the palm trees. It is also located right on the promenade that goes from Buenas Noches to La Chullera, making it ideal for long walks.

It is just a few minutes walk from the town's sports complex with several tennis courts, paddle tennis courts, a heated sports pool, a sauna and spa area, gym, as well as a range of different sports and aerobics classes for children and adults. Given its central location, there are several restaurants and bars nearby, and a large Lidl store is located right on the opposite side of the street.

This is the perfect place to live every day, spend a fantastic vacation, or rent it out. This sort of beachfront property can generate truly phenomenal returns!