Estepona Town has become increasingly attractive to visitors and tourists over these last years, which has led to it´s wonderfully authentic Old Town centre becoming very sought-after by those looking for a lovely home by the sea in the western Costa del Sol.

This gorgeous 2 bedroom townhouse is in the very heart of historic Estepona, and offers the perfect home within easy reach of the beach, the gorgeous back-streets of the Old Town, the shops, and the culture that Estepona offers. Fully reformed and ready to furnish to your own taste, this lovely home is built over 95m2 with a roof terrace of 20m2. Entered from the pedestrian street via a lovely wooden door, the house presents an open-plan living space which incorporates sitting and dining area, with open-plan kitchen. The kitchen is beautifully finished, with white cupboards and Silestone surfaces. There is plenty of space for food preparation, and fitted appliances including a large fridge. The floor has been laid seamlessly with a ceramic wooden-finish tile, and gives a warmth to the space which is sympathetic to the traditional feel of the building. towards the rear of this Estepona Tpwnhouse on the ground floor is a passageway with a small patio, which leads to the downstairs double bedroom with ensuite bathroom.

Leading to the upper level of this home is a very attractive staircase which is finished in the same ceramic wooden-finish tiles giving a really welcoming continuity in this charming Estepona property. Upstairs is the second, of master, bedroom which includes the ensuite bathroom with large walk in shower. This whole upper level is graced with a stunning wooden pitched roof, with the exposed beams finished in a similar warm colour to the floor which is identical to that in the lower level. Access from here is gained to the wonderful roof terrace, that every great Estepona house in the Casco Antiguo should have. With it´s privacy and elevation, this space is perfect to enjoy sunshine from the morning onwards, and is a perfect extra space for al fresco dining and relaxing.

Estepona is known as the ‘Garden City´ of the Costa del Sol, and here in the Old Town, you can easily see why. No street is left without a beautiful flower display, and colourful pots decorate the walls of each home, bodega or shop. The pots are also colour-coordinated, so one street is a display of blue pots, then the next is filled with pink pots, and so on...

To not be totally charmed by this lovely house in the gorgeous town of Estepona is impossible. Come and visit and see exactly why so many are choosing to buy in this part of the coast.