Villa Esmeralda is contemporary and timeless with a clean and refined design. It has a total built area of approximately 725 m2 on a plot of 2,737 m2. The main house has approximately 560 m2 and is distributed on the ground floor of 124 m2 with 4 en-suite bedrooms with direct access to the garden, closets, and an office room. The first floor (entrance area) of 355 m2 consists of a hall, a distributor with closets, an open kitchen with a dining area and island, a laundry room, a bedroom with en-suite bathroom, a guest toilet, a living room, and a dining room with very high ceilings and 3 distinct areas, with direct access to the spacious covered terrace with panoramic views of the Real Club de Golf de La Reserva and the sea. On this same floor, the pool is the central feature. The second floor of 81 m2 is dedicated to the master suite with a spacious bathroom, a dressing room, and a private terrace with views.

Outside, there is a garage, a utility room, and a large parking area. It features a mature garden with a wooden gazebo.

Annexed to the house is a pavilion of 133 m2 with a stunning architectural design inspired by the style of 'Frank Lloyd Wright', which includes a hall, a multi-purpose entertainment and leisure room, a kitchen, and a bathroom. This multi-purpose room, completely glazed with glass curtains, can be fully opened to be enjoyed throughout the year. The pavilion's roof is landscaped and offers spectacular panoramic views.

This villa is characterized by its spacious areas, clean lines, and high ceilings. Located just two minutes from Sotogrande International School, it is fully integrated into nature, offering ample open spaces and spectacular views of the golf course, La Reserva, and the sea. Convenient and easy access to all services. Central heating via radiators. Cold/hot air conditioning; Lacquered aluminum exterior carpentry with blinds; Stainless steel shutters; Lacquered white interior carpentry; Marble floors throughout the house.

Sotogrande is an exclusive and secure luxury urbanization, unique in Europe for its location and private and family lifestyle. In this southern area, there are a multitude of outdoor sports activities such as polo, golf, sailing, paddle, tennis, etc. This is due to the presence of sunshine 300 days a year and pleasant temperatures throughout all seasons. With exceptional golf courses and being the world capital of polo and host of sailing championships, this urbanization is unique in Europe. It is one hour from Malaga airport and fifteen minutes from Gibraltar airport. Additionally, the area offers a wide range of leisure and dining options. Sotogrande has 24-hour security.