Welcome to this stunning detached villa located in the desirable New Golden Mile area of Costa del Sol. This beautiful property offers a perfect blend of luxury and comfort, with three spacious bedrooms and three modern bathrooms. Spanning across 450 square meters, this recently renovated villa provides ample space for you and your loved ones, but could be extended to 5 bedrooms quite easily.

The villa boasts an excellent orientation towards the south, allowing for abundant natural light throughout the day. The well-maintained garden and private salt water pool offer a serene oasis where you can relax and enjoy the Mediterranean climate and outdoor entertainment/bbq area are perfect for cooking outside. From the terrace, you can enjoy complete privacy with views of the garden, and pool, creating a truly picturesque setting. Plus the house has a garden room which is currently being used as a gym.

The fully fitted kitchen is equipped with modern appliances, and large centre island plus huge utility room. For added security, an entry phone system and alarm system are in place. With parking available in the garage for 3 or 4 cars and more parking on the driveway. 

This property is ideally situated close to golf courses, schools and supermarkets are just a few minutes walk and the beautiful coastline which is less than a 10 minute walk. Additional features include air conditioning, double glazing, water softeners and filters, a well to water the garden , oil fired radiators, under floor heating in the bathrooms and full solar panel system which provides the majority of electricity for the house

Don't miss out on this exceptional opportunity to own a luxury villa in New Golden Mile. Contact us today to arrange a viewing!



Detached Villa, New Golden Mile, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 450 m², Terrace 50 m², Garden/Plot 1276 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Photovoltaic solar panels, Solar water heating.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
