Recently refurbished 3 bedroom family villa standing in  its own garden oasis at El Rosario, Marbella

Recently refurbished Andalucia villa standing in its own garden oasis at El Rosario just a short distance up from the Marbella Coastline.  El Rosario is a secure community of individual homes within 10 minutes drive to the centre Marbella with all its facilities and about 20 minutes walk to some of the best beaches of Marbella.  Local shopping facilities, restaurants and sport facilities are all close at hand.

The villa has recently been refurbished to provide a fresh and modern ambience whilst retaining the character of the home.  Approached via an entrance courtyard the hallway has a guest w.c. off and leads directly into the open plan area which includes the sitting and dining rooms with direct access to the terrace. The terrace is south facing with open views towards the Mediterranean Sea. There is a modern open concept kitchen with peninsular unit, granite work tops and a full range of integrated appliances including the oven, hob, microwave, dishwasher, fridge freezer and a wine cooler.  

On the lower level there are 3 double sized bedrooms.  The master bedroom has fitted wradrobes and an en suite bathroom with a bath and shower over. The two family bedrooms both have wardrobes and share a bathroom with a walk-in shower.

Outside there is a utility area with space for the washing machine There is also a garage with an up and over door approached by a long drive way. There is further off-street parking space.  The integra pool room which has a fully fitted shower-room and could easily converted to further self contained guest accommodation with its own entrance if needed.

The secluded garden with its extensive terraces and planted areas is a feature of the property.   There is a kidney shaped swimming pool with adjacent sun terrace and al fresco dining area with built in seating.  Additionally, there is a pergola and to the front of the villa a shaded dining area for when the sun is too much.  The gardens are fully landscaped and planted with mature shrubs trees and lawn.

The property benefits from the installation of hot and cold air conditioning