THE BEST PENTHOUSE IN NAGUELES, GOLDEN MILE €565,000
Golden Mile - penthouse € 565,000
Corner duplex penthouse with 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and large terraces.
3 properties for sale in the same urbanization, 1 penthouse, 1 garage and 1 storage room, each unit with its own deed. Total constructed area of the three properties: 141 m2 + 200 m2. (approx) of terraces
High demand area, a short distance from services, from the beach, well connected to the city with urban transport line at the foot of the urbanization.
Located in a pleasant and well-kept community known as Jardines de Sierra Blanca, a community adapted for people with reduced mobility. At the foot of the famous mountain, known as La Concha, which is boasted and enjoyed by all residents of Marbella, for being the one that favors us with its mild microclimate.
Distributed over two floors, the penthouse has the advantage of having two of its three bedrooms on the main floor.
1.- Ground floor: it is distributed in a kitchen with a window to the main terrace and a room for relief and laundry. Bright living-dining room with a window to the terrace and a sliding door to the impressive and beautiful main terrace, part of it covered with a pergola, where you can start creating memories with family or friends. A guest bedroom with closet, full bathroom with shower to serve the second bedroom and guests. Spacious master bedroom with an entire wall of closets for great storage and private bath with shower.
2.- On the second floor is the third bedroom with a double wardrobe with large storage capacity, a private bathroom with a bathtub.
The staircase to the second floor leads to a spectacular solarium terrace.
The total constructed area is 121 m2 in housing + a garage space with 19 m2 + storage room of 3 m2. The terraces have an approximate area of 200 m2 between the two floors.
Centralized installation of hot and cold A/C, double-glazed climatic window insulation, marble floors throughout the house. Passage doors and cabinets in solid wood.
Closed and guarded urbanization. Beautiful community area with mature garden, perfectly maintained with community pool.
The main terrace is a corner of the building, with one side facing the urbanization street and another side facing the community garden and the sea. From the terrace on the second floor enjoy views of La Concha and the surrounding urbanizations.
The garage has a strategic position in front of the elevator to access the house, with the convenience that it provides when transporting suitcases, shopping bags, with small children or the elderly.
The community has collected in its Statutes, permission to expand the house by 20% of the built area, that is, you can make a bedroom with an extra bathroom, or expand other rooms, according to the need or criteria of the future owner.
Community with the entire perimeter fenced and closed, well-kept tropical gardens, community pool following current security regulations and access control personnel to the complex.
To highlight the community services, for its reasonable monthly fee of 144 euros, after applying a 20% bonus for payment on time. The community expenses of the garage and storage room are charged twice a year making an annual total of 240 euros.
The maintenance of the house is admirable, with finishes from the year of construction 2003, everything in perfect working order.
Magnificent investment, both as a habitual residence or to enjoy on vacation.

​