HUGE PRICE REDUCTION - OWNER KEEN TO SELL URGENT

Apartment with penthouse character and unobstructed panoramic sea views.

This newly built, luxury two-bedroom garden apartment with private pool is part of an exclusive, private residential complex on the Calanova golf course, just a few minutes' drive from La Cala de Mijas.

This first-class flat has two bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms, an open-plan kitchen/living room and an additional guest WC. It offers an exceptional living experience with a combination of luxury, comfort, and relaxation. The modern design and high-quality furnishings combine with the natural surroundings and first-class facilities, the right thing for a sophisticated lifestyle.

The two spacious en-suite bedrooms offer a tranquil and relaxing space and are designed with great attention to detail, for example the walk-in closet in the master bedroom. The large windows let in plenty of natural light and offer panoramic views of the surroundings as well as direct access to the terrace.

The open-plan kitchen - with sea-views - flows seamlessly into the living area and lounge, creating an ideal environment for entertaining and interacting. Equipped with state-of-the-art appliances and a smart layout, this kitchen is a space where functionality meets modern design. From here, you can access the extra-large terrace, which offers panoramic views of the sea, golf and mountains and is perfect for al fresco dining, relaxing in the sun or enjoying the scenery.

The luxury continues outside, where a private swimming pool provides a personal oasis of refreshment and relaxation.

The complex also has several communal pools, extensive and superbly maintained gardens and relaxation areas. There is a cinema room, a coworking and children's area, and a golf simulator in the complex. A full spa with indoor pool, jacuzzi, sauna and steam room, as well as a fully equipped gym complete the wellness and pampering options.

Located in Calanova Golf and close to Cala de Mijas, this flat offers a privileged location for golf and beach lovers. 

Included in the price are two underground parking spaces and a storage room.

