We are proud to bring you this superb apartment set in Casa Banderas, an exclusive development with great design and luxury qualities, in a privileged enclave within walking distance to the sea, with spectacular views to the sea, the mountains and golf course. The property with large glazed areas is bathed in natural light throughout the day and the sunny terrace is a real extension of the living area. The property includes air conditioning, modern style open-plan fully fitted kitchen, 2 bathrooms with designer furniture walk-in shower and fitted wardrobes The complex is gated with 24h security and offers large green areas with natural grass, leafy plants and waterfalls, relaxation areas, chill-out area, 4 swimming pools of which one indoor heated pool, gym, sauna and spa, paddle courts, superb barbecue area and events, so you can cover all your expectations of comfort and the good life... Private underground parking space and storage room. Ideally located just 750 m from the beach and the town centre where you will find a wide selection of good restaurants, wine bars, shops and several supermarkets.
Excellent value for money! Don't miss out and call us without delay to schedule your visit. 

Beds: 3 | Baths: 2 | Living area: 104 m2 | Terraces: 20 m2 | Underground private parking & Storeroom | Facing: E | Construction year: 2020

Airport: 25 min drive - La Cala de Mijas: 15 min walking & 3 min drive - Fuengirola: 5 min drive - Puerto Banus: 16 min drive - Marbella: 11 min drive - Golf Course: 2 min Drive - Beach: 3 min drive  - Closest bars & restaurants: 2 min drive  - Amenities: 2 min drive  - Public Transports: 2 min drive 

The property market on the Costa del Sol is seriously recovering and good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.
