Casa " The Best View granddaughter " is a townhouse in the urbanization Bahia de las Rocas, which as its name indicates has spectacular views of the sea and Gibraltar. A few miles from the beach make this house a privileged place.

South facing and panoramic views to the mountains, the Mediterranean Sea, the Rock of Gibraltar and the African Coast, in a quiet environment, near beaches, leisure areas and exclusive areas such as Sotogrande, a paradise for lovers of security, tranquility, nature and sports of the whole family.

It develops on three floors plus a multi-use semi-basement plant, in a garage area has two parking spaces and a closed storage room.
With almost 90 m2. of terraces and one of them with glass curtain to use all year round. It has 5 rooms, three of them are bedrooms with en suite bathroom. It has different environments and stays for multiple uses and enjoy the whole family.

A private garden of fruit trees that communicates with the common areas and pool of the urbanization.

On the first floor there are two spacious rooms with en-suite bathroom communicated by a dressing room.
On the second floor, a room with a dull ceiling, and en-suite bathroom. Both floors have access to their corresponding terraces with spectacular sea and coast views.. .The basement floor is distributed in living room, two bedrooms, a bathroom and direct access to the garage with two parking spaces and storage...Located in an urbanization only of townhouses, it is located inside fully enclosed and private residential with 24 hours security, communal swimming pool, gym and landscaped green areas.

The location is only 20 minutes from Gibraltar Airport, 40 minutes from Malaga Airport, 10 minutes from Sotogrande Marina and Marina Deportivo, and 30 minutes from Puerto Banus and Marbella. In the area there are many golf courses....
Townhouse, Manilva, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 4.5 Bathrooms, Built 250 m², Terrace 83 m², Garden/Plot 43 m².

Setting : Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, Gym, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Basement.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Underground, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Photovoltaic solar panels.
Category : Luxury.
