Fantastic newly renovated penthouse apartment with great views and large terraces, Miraflores.  

This spacious penthouse apartment is completely newly renovated, no one has lived there since the renovation. The best materials have been used.

The penthouse apartment is located at the very top of the urbanization and with the best view, you can see over the entire valley, to the sea and the mountains.  There is a total of 237 m² with terraces that goes around the entire apartment.

The apartment consists of a large living room with an open solution to the kitchen, the view from here is majestic.  The kitchen is nice and spacious and of course has brand new appliances. There is also a wine fridge and a coffee machine.

Furthermore, there are 3 spacious bedrooms with access to the terrace and with wardrobes, extra wardrobes in the hallway, 2 beautiful bathrooms and 1 guest toilet in addition to a sauna, everything is brand new.

There is a plunge pool on the terrace, and the apartment comes with an underground garage space and storage room.  

This apartment is perfect as a family home, but also as a holiday home.

The urbanization is well managed and has beautiful gardens and a large communal pool and gym.

With an average of 320 days of sunshine each year, Miraflores is the perfect holiday destination. Due to this perfect climate all year round, the region is known for its excellent sports facilities.  Whether you play golf, tennis, bowls or enjoy water sports, Miraflores has it all.  With stunning white sandy beaches within walking distance, you won't be disappointed. 

Distances:
The airport; about.  25 minutes
Torremolinos; about.  20 minutes
Fuengirola; about.  15 minutes
Marbella; about.  20 minutes
La Cala with its beautiful beach and old town; about.  5 minutes

Cabopino with its child-friendly beach and beautiful marina; about.  10 minutes

Viewing is recommended on this penthouse apartment, you will not be disappointed.

Some details include:
■  Views to the sea, the pool and to the mountains
■  Completely newly renovated, high standard in all rooms
■  A large well-kept and elegant communal garden with a great pool
■ Large terraces, both covered and open, perfect for entertaining guests
■ Air conditioning in all rooms
■ Towel dryers in the bathrooms
■ Electric blinds and double glazing
■ A new, large, well-equipped kitchen with new appliances
■ 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 1 guest toilet
■ Sauna and jacuzzi
■.Lots of natural light throughout the villa
■ Garage space and storage room on the lower floor

- IBI apartment 550,37€
- IBI parking and storeroom 65,20€
- Basura 81.66€
- Community 456,68€ every 3 months.
- Water paid through the community fee