We invite you to discover the height of luxury and comfort in one of the most prestigious areas of Marbella: Elviria. Just a thousand meters from the beach and surrounded by all services. This exceptional villa is located on a 1,200-square-meter plot, offering a sanctuary of privacy and unparalleled space that, together with its magnificent location and the mapping of the land, provide beautiful panoramic views where you can enjoy the sunsets that the Costa del Sol offers us. Sun.
Featuring 5,000 square feet of meticulously designed interior space, this three-bedroom, two-bathroom residence completely redefines luxury and sophistication. From the moment you cross the threshold of the spacious dining room, you are surrounded by a feeling of spaciousness and comfort that, added to the large amount of natural light that enters through its large windows, make this residence the ideal place for comfort and tranquility. Also from the living room we access a large terrace which provides an intimate corner to enjoy the sea views it offers, creating the perfect setting to relax or receive friends.
The rustic-style kitchen, built with the highest quality wood, is fully equipped and becomes the epicenter of your culinary adventures. Each corner is cared for in the smallest detail, taking care of functionality and prioritizing space. In short, a space where you can create unforgettable moments. The same floor of this magnificent residence houses two cozy bedrooms, ideal for accommodating family or guests. However, the real jewel of this villa is located on the second floor. Here, the master bedroom becomes a personal haven. A luxuriously appointed bathroom with Jacuzzi is transformed into an oasis of relaxation, while the large walk-in closet offers a dream space perfect for organizing our belongings.
But the magic does not end here, the private terrace of the master bedroom provides an elevated space where you can enjoy views of the sea and green areas. Imagine waking up every morning with this panoramic show and relaxing under the stars on the most serene nights.
The villa has been designed with comfort and functionality in mind. It has several built-in cabinets that guarantee that everything is organized and in its place. In addition, the residence has one more floor, approximately 166 square meters of basement, currently raw, providing the opportunity to make numerous rooms that add space to the residence. Imagine having a private cinema for entertainment nights or training in a personalized gym where you can maintain a healthy lifestyle. It also has enough space for, in addition to the rooms, to have a garage for at least three cars. And meanwhile, the spacious garden is divided into two parts. In the front part of the residence we find a fully equipped area with a gas stove, grill, bar area and table where we can make our best culinary preparations which will last for several hours due to the comfort offered by this area of the property. At the back of the residence we find numerous customization options, it is possible to make a beautiful pool where you can enjoy the hottest days and there is also a part where you can build a spacious porch where you can disconnect after a long day. It also has an area to store the belongings of the fireplace and the barbecue so that everything is perfectly organized. This residence is more than a house, it is an opportunity to reflect your vision and offers you numerous customization and comfort options that make this residence a haven of peace and luxury in one of the most desired places in Marbella: Elviria. Do not miss the opportunity to visit this exceptional residence.