A gem of a renovation project with unrivalled views.

Nestled down a quiet road, yet merely moments from amenities and boasting easy access to public transport, this property presents an extraordinary renovation project opportunity. Situated just 4kms away from the charming Mijas village in one direction and 4km from the pristine blue flag beaches of Fuengirola in the other direction, this property combines the best of both worlds.

The panoramic views this property offers in every direction are simply outrageous. Whether it's looking across Fuengirola and down to the sea or up towards the Mijas mountains, every view from this property is breathtaking.

The villa sits upon an expansive plot of 1879 square meters and offers so much untapped potential. Significant renovations have already been undertaken, including the installation of brand new roofing, flooring, terracing, pergola, plumbing, waste, and electrics. 

You enter the villa through a unique Patio Andaluz entranceway surrounded by a Moorish style tower which exudes authentic Andalusian charm. This entranceway is plumbed to add a guest toilet and also leads to an extra room intended to be an office but could equally become a chill out room, TV room or even a 5th bedroom. From here we have access to a roof terrace with some of the best views from the property. The current layout comprises: 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms, a spacious lounge-diner, perfect for entertaining, and a large kitchen (kitchen installation required). 

Moving outside we find abundant terrace space, ideal for living and eating al-fresco while taking in the astounding views as well as a private swimming pool.

With the essential groundwork of renovations completed, this property stands as a blank canvas awaiting your creative touch to add your own finishings. Whether that's a luxurious family haven or an investment property in a prime location, the potential is obvious. Don't miss this chance to transform a partially finished villa into your Mediterranean dream home.