Welcome to this spacious and versatile house located in the charming area of ​​Fuengirola, behind Muebles Benítez! With access to the highway in 1 minute, this home offers a wide variety of interior and exterior spaces to adapt to your needs and lifestyle.

With 4 bedrooms, (2 downstairs and 2 upstairs) this home is perfect for large families or those not so large but need extra space for guests or a study/home office. In addition, it has a walk-in closet on the second floor that provides comfort and organization for your clothes and accessories.

The 2 bathrooms (one upstairs and one downstairs) offer functionality and comfort for all family members. In addition, the house has two patios, one interior and one exterior. These outdoor spaces are ideal for enjoying the Mediterranean climate, relaxing, organizing meetings or even having your own private garden.

If you are looking to enjoy moments of peace and quiet, the terrace on the second floor is the perfect place. From here, sunbathe or just relax with a cup of coffee.

In addition, the house has a solar on the roof, which gives you the opportunity to take advantage of this additional space according to your needs and preferences. You can create an outdoor recreation space, a barbecue area or even install solar panels to take advantage of renewable energy.

The house is ready for a minor reform, which gives you the opportunity to personalize it and adapt it to your tastes. You can consider changing the flooring to give it a fresh look and adding new furniture to complement the look you want.

With 144 useful square meters, this house offers ample space to live comfortably. In addition, its location in the Fuengirola area gives you access to a wide range of services, shops, restaurants and beautiful beaches.

Don't miss the opportunity to make this house your home. Come visit it and discover the potential it has to offer you! We will be happy to provide you with more information and show you all the possibilities that this house has for you. Do not hesitate to contact us to arrange a visit and start your new life in this wonderful property in Fuengirola! We are open to any type of proposal and/or offer.