In Stupa Hills Phase 3, a very comfortable 3 bed 2.5 bath first floor corner apartment with great sea views. Upon entering the apartment and stepping out on to the spacious 33m2 balcony you will straight away experience the unbeatable views of the Mediterranean Sea all the way down to Fuengirola Marina.  

Open plan living room with Italian design kitchen including Siemens appliances and wine fridge. Floor to ceiling glass sliding doors open to the covered outdoor living area. Aircon hot and cold plus heat pump operated underfloor heating throughout the entire apartment controlled separately per room. The primary bedroom also connects to the covered balcony and has a bathroom ensuite. The two guest bedrooms share a shower room and there is a separate guest toilet. Double private parking in the garage and a big storage room included. Don´t miss this rare opportunity to acquire a 3-bedroom apartment in Stupa Hills. 

Stupa Hills is a new home concept to rediscover the senses in a tranquil and privileged elevated position against the slopes of the hills, but yet within walking distance of the lively authentic Andalusian ´pueblo blanco´ Benalmádena-Pueblo. A place where you will have everything at your disposal for your family including international schools and health services. 
A truly unique location with panoramic views and arguably the best near Benalmádena-Pueblo: a balcony overlooking the Mediterranean Sea and an area of powerful energy next to the Buddhist Stupa of Enlightenment.

Benalmádena-Pueblo hosts cosy bars and fine restaurants and very conveniently there is a supermarket on your doorstep as well as Altos del Higuerón shopping centre. In close proximity you will find Puerto Marina de Benalmádena, themeparcs, golfcourses and the beautiful wide sandy beaches of Benalmádena-Costa. The urbanization is centrally located on the Costa del Sol between Málaga and Marbella. Nearby access to the A-7 motorway leads you in only 10 minutes to Málaga Airport.

With its avant-garde lines, the design of the Stupa Hills residential complex has been conceived by the renowned architect J. Daniel Rodríguez with his personal goal to achieve a unique development. It is not just a housing complex, it´s a lifestyle. Qualities have been studied in detail to offer you a unique experience and the fusion of interior and exterior allows light, sun and breeze to flow naturally.
The gated complex with onsite concierge and security guard services is designed for your daily well-being offering vertical gardens, a beautiful spa and wellness centre hosting a Technogym, sauna, steam bath, indoor heated massage therapy pool and rooftop sundeck with infinity pool plus a second outdoor swimming-pool in the communal garden.

Stupa Hills is a great place to live permanently with all amenities within walking distance or to spend your family holidays. On top it offers good rental potential thanks to its unique location and the modern sport- and wellness facilities. Supermarket literally on your doorstep plus the pharmacy, laundry service, flex offices, coffee bar, wine bar, Indian, Italian and Spanish restaurants of Altos del Higuerón just around the corner. 

Come and see it with your own eyes! Viewing inquiries with minimum 1 day notice please.