Price drop! Amazing flat in Urbanisation Suites Golf and Garden.

This wonderful ground floor flat consists of a recently extended kitchen to the laundry area with water insulation. All the furniture and electrical appliances have been replaced by Schmidt design elements that thanks to the light that enters through the window are always full of light. 
The living room, characterised by elegance and brightness has continuity and direct access to the covered terrace, also connected to the master bedroom. This is ideal during the winter months as this area can be used as a games room, gymnasium or for relaxation. The covered terrace has seating areas along its length, which can be used for storage. It is separated from the adjoining flat, which provides great privacy and is enclosed with fully retractable glass curtains. 
This same system is used to access the exclusive terrace, which is completely open-air to enjoy the sun. Being able to create different areas on this terrace, it is ideal for enjoying the pleasant Mediterranean climate with friends at barbecues or simply enjoying the sunset or the star shower. 
This terrace can also be accessed from the second bedroom which has built-in wardrobes and recently fitted shutters. Next to it there is a designer bathroom with glass shower screens. 
The master bedroom, which can be accessed from the property or the terrace, is very spacious with space for a dressing table, has built-in wardrobes and consists of an en-suite bathroom with double washbasin and bathtub.

Very spacious garage space and large storage room with direct access from the lift to the property. It has a new installation of air conditioning and central heating with high energy efficiency. Its recent refurbishment under high qualities offers wooden floors, newly fitted shutters and mouldings in all ceilings and light fixtures. 

Its covered terrace with direct access to both the living room and the master bedroom, is fully covered and enclosed with fully folding glass windows to be enjoyed all year round. Furthermore, with access from this same terrace and from the second bedroom, we can enjoy a large outdoor terrace with open views to the mountains.

It is located in one of the most sought after developments in La Alcaidesa, a unique and private area in southern Spain with direct access to the A7, local golf courses and beaches, located between Gibraltar and Sotogrande. Suites Golf and Garden features manicured gardens and two large communal swimming pools. The mild and sunny climate makes it perfect for holiday homes, rental investment or a fantastic place to live. 

In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.