Jewel, a property that leaves you in awe when you are lucky enough to visit and walk through the premises´ open spaces, a zen soul home where everything is covered in white plaster, creating and endless playful landscape just covered by the deep blue Andalucia sky. Situated front line to the well known Guadalmina Alta golf course, this is a house for a family with kids and a some guest rooms for visiting friends, a total of 480 m2 inside area and a huge garden with big covered outside spaces, where you could live outside day and night, all year long. There are no windows or openings to the outside / public space, the house appears as a white and cubic sculpture, similar to the Moorish patio houses in Andalucia. Only the plants give a sign of the interior life to the outside. At the same time there´s the necessary privacy towards the neighbouring buildings, so you could live outside without being exposed. The concept, as in the words of the renowned architect that created this space, is that the whole site is a garden surrounded with a peripheral wall filled with content, that's the living room, a private garden. Above that living room landscape there is a patio house – a house over a garden. In the winter time, one covered part of the private garden can be closed with sliding windows and heated. Still water pond with waterfall, turtles and morning sun, herb garden, kitchen, bbq lounge, pool lounge, swimming pool – chill out pool area, jungle, atelier / library, entrance lobby, there is an over the edge opening along the poolside, where there is a beautiful view to the mountains and where the evening sun comes in. . The house has everything one can ask for in the most elegant, private and natural way.

Completely independent from the "leisure" ground floor, on the first floor one finds the bedrooms, family lounge and Yoga terrace, a patio with a perforated stone facade filters the light into the wardrobes and circulations of the private areas. Each room has a bathroom and a private patio attached. 

The master bedroom, bathroom and patio can be joined to one open space, enjoying sleeping and bathing outside, without being seen. 

Excellence and Privacy joined in a breathtaking building.



