A magnificent finca over 300 years old transformed into modern comfort whilst retaining its original charm and character. 
The finca is situated in the prestigious and very exclusive area of "The Valley of Los Frontones" just 15 minutes outside Ronda, one of Spain's most visited historical towns and only a 50 minute drive from Marbella. 

La Villa Magdalena is a large estate, hosting a six bedroom villa with an en-suite master bedroom, walk-in closet and a private terrace with spectacular views. 
The villa is built on a private no through road with a private paddle court, pétanque, event courtyard for dining and weddings, it is a beautiful property with a garden inspired by the great Alhambra, with two bali stone salt water pools and comes with a private helipad. 

At the heart of the Villa is a unique hand crafted kitchen in oak created by highly skilled local carpenters who also made the period windows with sunshades, all made from solid hardwood in keeping with the property's character. 

The kitchen, dining and living room are all open plan, there is also a library with bespoke windows and doors overlooking the beautiful and typical "Andalusian Patio". 
On arrival you are welcomed by the original wooden door into a "zaguan" giving you an additional reception room before entering the main building. 

In addition there is a beautiful guesthouse with a fully equipped kitchen and two en-suite bedrooms, the guesthouse terrace faces toward the garden (park) and has a Bali salt water pool. 

The Olive grove has around 350 olive trees which makes the best organic olive oil and over 40 almond trees, other trees include orange, fig, granite, pear and more.

Furthermore the villa have its own large organic vegetable garden.

No toxins or pesticides have been used on the gardens or in the house. 

There is over 4Km of handmade dry wall surrounding the estate all made from local stone. 

There is a new irrigation system that encompasses the whole garden and a newly installed exterior lighting system. 

There is a new Daikin underfloor heating system and new air conditioning throughout, giving all year round comfort. 
