Traditional villa built on a double plot in the sought after La Sierrazuela urbanisation, just a short drive to all amenities and the beach. The plot itself is completely private and fenced off ensusing complete privacy all around the villa.   The main house comprises of a lovely open plan lounge and dining area that leads out to a cosy conservatory with access to to one of the many beautiful terraces affording mountain views and to the pool area.  The kitchen is spacious and comes equipped with all the appliances and has a seperate utility room.  Up a few stairs you will find the very impressive master suite with en suite bathroom, dressing area with stunning views to the mountains and sea.  There are also 2 further double bedrooms that share a generous family bathroom and a guest w.c all with lovely views.

There are so many terrace areas, covered and uuncovered all south, south west facing with stunning uninterrupted views of the mountains and surrounding countryside including built in BBQ area and a purpose built allotment perefct for growing your own fruit and vegetables.   The summer house homes a double bedroom and full bathroom and that has direct access to the lovely pool and terrace area and there is a large storeroom that is perfect to extend the bedroom area to create a lovely self contained apartment.  There are 2 garages and covered and uncovered parking for ample cars.

The opportunites are endless with this fabulous house for extension, renovation..... The current owner has kept it in lovely condition butit needs updating.

With a great eye this is an amazing opportunity to make an amazing family or holiday home....

Mijas Costa is the stretch of coastline that lies in between the boundaries of Fuengirola and Marbella. Most of this stretch of land has been urbanised and includes the resorts of El Faro, El Chaperral, La Cala de Mijas, Riviera del Sol, Calahonda and Sitio de Calahonda. Sitio de Calahonda is the largest urbanisation on this part of the costa and Calahonda beach is the largest beach in the Mijas municipality covering 4.5km of coastline. The coastal bus service links all of these resorts and within Mijas Costa there are 12 golf courses. On its border with Fuengirola lies the Miramar shopping centre and the Mijas Water Park.



