Contemporary renovated semi-detached property for sale with large private garden and pool in Marbella - Benahavis 

Property Highlights 

Modern renovated corner house to contemporary standards.
Large private garden and pool. 
Views of the Mediterranean Sea from the 52m2 solarium.
Gated community with communal garden and pool. 

The location

Located in a nice quiet and gated residential area, close to amenities and several top golf courses.
The urbanisation consists of 32 semi-detached villas with 3 or 4 bedrooms.
Mature communal garden with beautiful pool.
This semi-detached villa is located in a phase where there are only 4 properties.
There is a large supermarket only 2 minutes away by car. Further amenities are 5 to 10 minutes' drive away.
10-minute drive to the region's best beaches.
Marbella and Puerto Banus are 10 to 15 minutes away by car. 

The Villa

In figures:
Semi-detached villa, corner house.
4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms
Total built area inside: 149m2
Garden: 395m2
Terraces: 40m2 covered
Solarium: 52m2
Swimming pool: 4.5 X 8.5m (38.25m2) 

Description

The property comprises 4 bedrooms and 3 full bathrooms (2 with shower and 1 with a bath) spread over 2 floors + a solarium.
West-facing with nice views of the spacious private garden and the mountains.
The private garden and pool are also south-facing and enjoy sun all day.
Open plan, integrated living space and kitchen.
There are 8 parking spaces available for the 4 properties in this phase of which 1 is reserved for this property.
The property is in excellent condition. 

Layout

Ground floor:
Open plan kitchen and living area
Bedroom
Bathroom
Storage
Terrace and private garden with swimming pool
Parking space(s)

Upper floor:
1 en-suite bedroom with terrace
2 bedrooms (1 with small terrace) with shared bathroom with bathtub 
Roof terrace solarium 

Other features:
Fujitsu air conditioning on both floors and temperature adjustable per room.
Top quality extra-large tiles in living room, kitchen and bedroom on ground floor.
Marble in bedrooms, stairs and bathrooms on the 1st floor.
Terracotta tiles on the terraces.
All large windows with secure double-glazed and with aluminium frames with automatic shutters (the small windows have manual shutters).
Alarm system.
Safe
The furniture is optional.