This stunning villa is in one of the best plots in Benahavís village being a short walk to all amenities but benefiting from its quiet position with all-day sun and stunning views of the mountains and gorge from every room.

This home is fully refurbished and benefits from being laid out over one level.

As you enter the property, there is a spacious and bright open-plan living room, dining area and kitchen all with breathtaking views of the mountain. Leading off the main living room, there is an enclosed sun room providing an additional living and dining area facing the mountains and pool.  

The modern fully fitted open-plan kitchen has the benefit of a separate laundry room.

There are 3 bedrooms, the master having a full-size walk-in dressing room and an ensuite with a walk-in shower and bath. An additional bathroom includes a full-size shower.

A bright spacious office room provides a professional environment for working from home or could easily be used as a 4th bedroom.      

The house has energy-efficient central heating throughout using a heat pump, an ultra-efficient wood-burning stove fireplace plus hot & cold air-conditioning.

As you reach the property, you have two private covered parking spaces next to the main entrance and one of three covered terraces. 

The outside lifestyle that this property offers is unique having several areas to enjoy including the swimming pool, covered bar with a TV, a kitchen and bathroom, barbecue area, a pétanque court and a large storage among others.

With a unique flat plot of more than 2000 sqm, the garden is designed for easy maintenance and to enjoy the fantastic south orientation. This property takes in the sun at all times of the day.

This property represents great value due to its location, privacy, low maintenance costs and the space for development opportunities which includes an option once the new urbanistic plan is approved. A second home could be built and segregating the plot there will be the option of selling the second property or using it as a rental income.