Welcome to Casa María, an exclusive villa with a serene view of the golf course. This 4-bedroom property, priced at €2,250,000, offers an incredible opportunity for those who appreciate both golf and the tranquility of nature.

Situated on a spacious 1,884 m2 plot in the sought after area of Nueva Andalucía, this southwest facing villa was built in 1982 and is distributed over two floors with a total built area of 318 m2. The property has 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and a guest toilet, designed for comfortable living.

Casa Maria flaunts a beautiful Scandinavian-style design, with large, spacious rooms that are in need of renovation. This presents a great opportunity for the buyer to put their own stamp on this spacious villa, especially as the owner has renderings for a new project, although license approval is still pending.

Upon entering the villa, one is immediately drawn to the beautiful open views to the garden and golf course. The main level features an open plan fully equipped kitchen that leads to a dining room and a spacious living room adorned with a fireplace. This level also houses one of the largest bedrooms and a bathroom, offering easy access to the sunny terrace from all sides.

Descending to the lower level you will find another bright open plan living area, along with 3 additional bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. This floor provides direct access to the spacious garden and the large private swimming pool, making it the perfect place to relax and enjoy the Spanish sun.

The outside area is just as impressive as the inside, with a spacious terrace off the living room, another off the upstairs bedroom and one leading to the lower level. The spacious garden surrounds the property and offers a wonderful green view. For barbecue enthusiasts, there is a barbecue facility. Parking is ample with a spacious driveway that can accommodate 4 cars and an additional one car covered garage.

Casa María is ideally located just a 5-minute drive from local shops and restaurants, a 3-minute drive from Aloha College, and a 10-minute drive from the beach. This perfect location combines tranquility and comfort, making it an ideal family home, holiday retreat or investment property.