FINAL REDUCTION TO AN AMAZING PRICE OF € 205,000 ...NON NEGOTIABLE PRICE.....REDUCED MOTIVATED SELLER....................                                                                                                                                                                      
 This 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment in Calanova Gran Golf is highly desirable for several reasons:

Located in the prestigious Calanova Gran Golf, this apartments positioning is unique, overlooking the pool, the well kept and beautiful vast gardens, mountains, golf and sea. The property is well sized with 2 bedrooms one with en-suite  the other servicing the second bedroom, a galley style kitchen, and a spacious bright living room leading onto a 22 m2 terrace with the views mentioned. Our unique points of this propert are as follows:

Scenic Views: With views of the sea, mountains, and golf course, residents can enjoy breath-taking natural beauty right from their apartment.

Tropical Gardens: The lush tropical gardens create a tranquil and picturesque environment, providing a sense of serenity.

Pools: Having two pools is perfect for relaxation and recreation, offering a variety of options for residents to cool off and enjoy sunny days.

Security: Security measures ensure peace of mind, making it a safe place to call home.

Parking and Storage: Underground parking for two spaces and a storage room add convenience and extra space for residents.

Spacious Terrace: The large terrace overlooking the pool is a fantastic space for outdoor dining, relaxation, and entertainment.

Overall, this apartment combines a great location, stunning views, amazing themed gardens, with a children's play area, water features, seating pergolas and Golf course practically on site, with just a short drive to La Cala de mijas, Fuengirola and beyond, 24 hour security, the added bonus of 2 underground parking spaces and a storage room, making it an appealing and desirable place as an investment, holiday home or for full time living.