This fabulous newly renovated south facing 2 bed ground floor apartment with spacious terrace provides views of the beautiful gardens and swimming pool.  Towards the far left there are also partial sea views.  The apartment is sold fully furnished and comes with a store room and private underground parking.

Located in Casares del Sol, a beautifully maintained gated urbanisation with communal gardens and 3 communal swimming pools. The location of this urbanisation is unbeatable. Whilst being on the mountainside, surrounded by the mystical Casares mountains, you are just a 15 minute walk (or within 2 minute drive) from the stunning Casares Coastline and the well-renowned 'La Sal' Chringuito (beach restaurant). You can walk along the Casares coast to neighbouring Sabinillas.  The beach has been awarded the Blue Flag, a distinction awarded by the European Foundation for Environmental Education.  The beach promenade or paseo has a selection of quality tapas bars, restaurants, and beach chirinquitos offering a variety of local and international cuisine.  You can continue to follow the promenade to the popular Marina de la Duquesa.

As you enter the apartment you are in the central hallway, you have the kitchen entrance to the right and the open plan lounge/dining room to the left.  The second door on the right is bedroom 2 entrance with the family bathroom directly in front.  The Master bedroom with en-suite is the second door on the left.

This apartment has been recently renovated and comes fully furnished and has a real modern feel complemented with the air conditioning via vents.  As part of the refurbishment the vendors have converted the ensuite into a larger bathroom and converted the family bathroom into a larger toilet.

The fully fitted newly installed kitchen with modern appliances is well designed running along the right hand side, and provides plenty of work surfaces and cupboards.  There is a free standing kitchen side unit on the left.  They have opened up the utility room and kitchen into one larger space with plenty of natural light emanating from the large windows which overlook the front gardens.  

The open plan lounge / dining room has floor to ceiling sliding patio doors enticing you towards the terrace.  This well presented room has the dining area comfortably seats 4-6 and the lounge area with a L-shaped sofa, coffee table and television unit.  As you enter the terrace from the lounge you appreciate the size of the terrace.  The views are fantastic! Towards the far left are partial sea views, in front beautiful gardens with swimming pool.  The terrace has tasteful furniture with seating for 4-6 with a sun shade umbrella off the lounge and the far side table and seating for 4 with shade umbrella.  The terrace is in such a lovely peaceful setting ideal for al fresco dining, entertaining or simply relaxing soaking in the mediterranean lifestyle.  

Returning to the apartment, Bedroom 2 has a large window overlooking the front communal gardens.  This double bedroom has fitted wardrobes.  As you leave bedroom 2 on your right is the family bathroom recently converted into a toilet, with a large mirror over a stylist sink cabinet.  As you continue to walk past the family bathroom you enter the master bedroom.  The newly converted en-suite feels spacious with a modern bath-shower, large mirror over a stylist double sink cabinet and an area for a laundry basket.  The master bedroom is a generous sized room with fitted wardrobes and a large window overlooking the private terrace area with the beautiful gardens beyond.

As you leave the apartment you can use either the stairs or lift to access the store room and private underground parking.  The underground parking is accessed through the privately accessible secure gated entrance. 

If you are a keen golfer, you are across the road from Casares Golf and a five-minute walk, from the 6 star Finca Cortesin resort and clubhouse. Casares offers the perfect blend of old and new - within a 10-minute drive, you can be up in the whitewashed village of Casares. Casares is also known for its gastronomy - with lots of traditional 'ventas ' ( Spanish restaurants) all the way up Casares road.  If you fancy a day out shopping, Marbella is only 25 minutes away, and Gibraltar is within commutable distance.  The popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade is only a 10-minute drive away. 

Come view with me!