This south facing home with an AFO certificate perched on the top of a hill, 600 meters from Coín (a 2 minute car drive). It offers very easy road access and stunning views. It's a very comfortable single story house and comprises of 3 double bedrooms (one of the bedrooms is currently being used as an office/study). The remaining 2 bedrooms have large wooden built-in wardrobes, and the master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and a dressing area with additional storage. There is also a family bathroom located off the living room and a spacious independent utility room with direct access to the back of the property. 

The living/dining room has a very effective 13kw pellet burner which is highly beneficial during the winter months and heats most of the house. The kitchen is fully fitted with plenty of storage space. Outside is a lovely, covered terrace that can be enjoyed all year around, again a wonderful spot to enjoy the views. Next to the terrace is an open BBQ, chlorine swimming pool, and a gazebo offering additional shade. 

This home has AC throughout and two of the bedrooms and utility room have electric radiators. 

The overall running costs for the property are quite low as the current owner has recently installed 19 solar panels with a 8kW inverter, reducing considerably the electricity consumption. The solar panels heat a 200L water tank and this is also connected to a 170 liter emergence heater. It has water from a private well and a biological septic tank. 

The plot is fully fenced and the land is distributed over several terraces making it a very manageable and accessible plot. There is a variety of fruit trees including oranges, mandarins, grapefruit, figs, mangos (3 different types), pecan nut, pistachio, almond, nectarines, apples, avocados, lemons, limes, a cherry tree, a pear tree and 54 olive trees. There is a good size solid storage room/garage also located in the orchard. Next to it is a large water deposit tank with capacity of 50.000 liters. 

All the fruit trees, hedges and garden are fully irrigated on an automatic irrigation system plus there is a water softener for the water supply to the house. 

There is also a secondary entrance gate located at the back of the property.

 If you are looking for a home, close to town, offering privacy, views and presented in immaculate condition, then look no further, you've just found it! 


ABOUT COIN

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards.

 Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C.

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda.

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'?

 Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos.



The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.