STUNNING 6 BED VILLA, WITHIN 10 MINUTES OF MARBELLA'S GOLDEN MILE, PUENTE ROMANO & PUERTO BANUS, WITH HEATED SWIMMING POOL & PANORAMIC SEA & LAKE VIEWS!! Available FOR SALE or LONG TERM RENTAL furnished / part / unfurnished (April 2024).

THE VILLA:

This spectacular 6 bed villa has outstanding unique features:

A heated salt-water swimming pool and an outdoor bar/kitchen and living area all of which can be enjoyed all year around, whilst gazing at breath-taking panoramic views of the Mediterranean sea, Istan lake, the surrounding mountains, Gibraltar and Africa. 

The sunsets are incredible and every day you will experience a different impressive view. You will be very likely to be taking photographs of the view on a daily basis! 

The tranquillity itself is unique, surrounded by nature, yet you are within 10 minutes drive from Puerto Banus, The Golden Mile, Puente Romano & Marbella. 

You will not experience queues in traffic when coming down to the Golden Mile, unlike most other inland areas these days. 

THE LOCATION:

Stunning villa located within the luxury gated urbanisation of Sierra Blanca Country Club, with panoramic sea & lake views, only 10 minutes drive to Marbella's Golden Mile / Puente Romano Hotel / Puerto Banús, yet is located in beautiful tranquil countryside. The urbanisation itself feels very safe, with majority of residents living there all year around.

The unique development is located only 7km from the Golden Mile along the road to Istan, nestling on the slopes of Marbella's iconic La Concha Mountain, halfway between Puerto Banús and the quaint Spanish pueblo of Istán, within the stunning National Park of Sierra de las Nieves. A quiet paradise, with lake, sea & mountain views, yet so close to all that the Marbella area has to offer!

International schools (Swans & Aloha), the Manolo Santana Tennis Club, superb golf courses, shopping and leisure centres in Nueva Andalucia and the stunning beaches along Marbella's Golden Mile are all within easy reach (within 10 minutes drive). Malaga Airport is 40 minutes drive.

Cycle enthusiasts will have probably already heard of the area as it is famous for being one of the most popular cycle routes in Europe. Hiking, climbing & kayaking are also popular activities in the National Park.

If you are looking for a beauty & tranquillity, within close proximity to all amenities, then this the place for you!

INSIDE THE VILLA:  

The villa is distributed as follows:

Entry level:
Spacious living and dining room with separate modern kitchen, both rooms being full of natural light with breath-taking panoramic views of the sea and Istan Lake. There is 1 bedroom on this level, and 1 bathroom. The terraces are perfect for dining and relaxing in the fresh mountain air.  There are some steps to the side of the property to reach the garden, swimming pool, and outdoor kitchen / living area.

Upper level: 
3 spacious bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, including the master bedroom (en-suite) which has its own walk-in wardrobe. The 2nd bathroom is shared by the other 2 bedrooms.  The layout is ideal for families with younger children, with 3 bedrooms all on one level together. All 3 bedrooms lead out to the same large terrace with magnificent panoramic views.

Lower level:
2 further bedrooms, both en-suite - ideal for guests or for teenagers who prefer their own space.  From this level, you have direct access to the fantastic outdoor living area with bar/kitchen, and the swimming pool & garden. This level also has a laundry room, space for a home gym, 2 toilets/ shower rooms, and a large storage room.

The villa is situated at the end of a quiet street within the urbanisation, making it feel safe especially for children wishing to play outside the villa's grounds.

There is plenty of space for car parking within the gates of the property.

The property can be sold/ rented with or without furniture, as you prefer!

Viewings are highly recommended to fully appreciate the beauty of this property! Photographs just cannot capture how it feels. Please ask for videos!
