This pristine, brand new 3-bedroom penthouse apartment in the glorious hills of Benahavis, is a fantastic find. Occupying a frontline position within the neat development comprising eight architecturally attractive white contemporary buildings, the penthouse enjoys stunning views across the verdant landscape all the way to the Mediterranean beyond.

The modern architecture incorporates Andalusian touches such as terracotta tiled roofs, while inviting nature into the complex. Surrounded by well-kept high hedgerows and plenty of palms, the exuberance of the natural setting is echoed in the abundance of plants and trees within the grounds of the development.

Built over 2 levels, including a marvellous roof terrace, the penthouse is designed in a fresh, modern style maximizing use of clean lines, double height ceilings and vast floor-to-ceiling windows opening out onto glass-fronted terraces. Cleverly blending the interior and exterior space, the views can be appreciated from many angles of the property.

The open-plan living space, covering 146 m2 plus a vast 223 m2 of terraces, incorporates a fully-fitted kitchen, with windows out to the surrounding trees, while also having a superb panoramic view to the surrounding hills and sea. The kitchen is finished in white, with stainless steel appliances, including a large American-style fridge and quality worktops.

On this floor there is also a bedroom with shower room, next to the main living area.

The stunning views comprise an abundance of trees, a few scattered villas, and La Concha in the distance. From the upper level, the penthouse also looks over the swimming pool which glistens invitingly and which offers a pool side bar area.

The property has 3 bedrooms all enjoying an abundance of natural light. The Master bedroom and second bedrooms give on to the terraces, and both have on-trend bathrooms en-suite. Designed in soft, neutrals the fittings and fixtures of the bathrooms are on trend. The Master bedroom has floor-to-ceiling glass doors on two sides, opening up the room to the spacious terrace and beautiful views beyond.

From the terrace of the main floor a solid stone staircase leads up to the private roof terrace from where the views are simply breathtaking, comprising a serene scene of lush greenery with a stretch of turquoise waters beyond.

The design of the properties is ideally suited to the year-round al fresco lifestyle on offer in the resort, with ample space of outdoor lounge, dining and terrace furniture and barbecues.

Fully air-conditioned and with marble floors throughout. The property comes with two parking spaces in the underground garage and a large storeroom.

The communal facilities here are excellent, and enhance the residents' quality of life, offering a social club with restaurant, tennis and paddle courts, outdoor swimming pool, spa and 24 hour security.

Benahavis is one of the most affluent municipalities in Europe and offers some of the most select property on the Costa del Sol, and indeed, in the whole of Spain. Close to the traditional white village of Benahavis – renowned for its gastronomy and dramatic mountain and river views, the area offers a wealth of upscale leisure facilities including superb golf courses, luxury hotels, spas, beach clubs and varied fine dining. Located close to both the Anantara Villa Padierna Palace Hotel, and the Marbella Club Golf resort and equestrian centre, this property finds itself in a rarefied position.