Wonderful Boutique B&B your dream investment awaits!

Cosmopolitan elegance meets ultimate comfort.

Welcome to this Boutique B&B, where cosmopolitan sophistication harmoniously blends with the warm embrace of a luxury hotel experience in the heart of the Costa del Sol. Nestled just minutes away from the beautiful Torremolinos beaches and major attractions. This stately home is your new place!
Immerse yourself in the individual charm and character of each of its rooms and suites thoughtfully designed for the comfort and pleasure of your guests. Within the property you will find a collection of double and private suites all offering a distinctive ambiance and style with all the comforts of a deluxe hotel.
As you step onto the grounds of this award-winning B&B with one of the highest ratings in Andalusia, you´ll be greeted with a warm and inviting atmosphere. The journey begins with a charming patio that sets the tone for the guests stay, a place where you will instantly feel at home.
On the fist level, you will find one of the main suites and a beautiful and cozy double room that breathe sophistication and comfort, but also the living quarters for the owners with an ample living room plus lounge and dining room. As well as an additional bedroom and bathroom and finally, a fully equipped kitchen. Whether you to use it as your personal sanctuary or as a dedicated space for managing your business, the possibilities are endless.
On the garden level, you will find 2 beautiful double rooms and a wonderful suite with a private lounge located underneath the stone arches.
You will immediately be captivated by the beautiful garden. Here you can indulge in a variety of outdoor amenities that enhance your living experience, such as Balinese gazebo, BBQ area, swimming pool and plenty of chill-out areas.
As a fully profitable operational business it offers not only a breathtaking residence but an incredible property investment. Request from us more details and an insight of the projections and results that have increased since opening in 2020. With a sales price of 1.559.000€, seize the chance to own a slice of Paradise while reaping the benefits of a thriving business.
For inquiries and to schedule a viewing, please don´t hesitate to request more details from us. contact us today. Paradise is just a call away…
