A delightful 4 bedroom, 3.5 bathroom, south facing, detached villa within 300 metres of the centre of Benalmadena Pueblo with panoramic sea and mountain views. The property has been a family home for the last ten years but is now on the market due to the owners wishing to downsize. Mature plot with large barbeque area on the east side of the property with 8m x 4m heated pool. To the west is a large covered terrace and lawn area. A large variety of mature fruit trees, shrubs and palms surround the villa. Due to its orientation the house has sun all day.
The property comprises of a large lounge/entrance hall in excess of 70m2, kitchen, dining room, guest toilet . Balcony to the front elevation. To this level there is also a bedroom with built in wardrobes and a shower room ensuite.
A staircase of 7 steps takes you to a mezzanine level where there are 2 large bedrooms, with built in wardrobes, sharing a family bathroom. This level then leads to a large master suite in excess of 34m2 comprising of a generous bedroom, dressing room and bathroom.
There is a private garage below the property with level access which measures in excess of 130m2 which can accommodate 3 to 4 cars and additionally motorcycles. It would also be possible to accommodate a large motorhome or caravan if the door was enlarged, as the ceiling is in excess of 3.25m high 
There is a TV room/office/storage room on this level.
There is an additional, private off road parking space,
Please note access to the property is via a number of steps, however when the property was built a lift shaft was built  from the garage to the ground floor making it suitable for a disabled person if a lift were to be installed.
Please note the community does not allow short term commercial rentals.
Detached Villa, Benalmadena, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 352 m².
Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Wood Flooring, Near Church, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Security : Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Telephone.
Category : Resale.
