Lovely Country House with Separate Apartment Plus Kennels & Cattery for sale in Campanillos near Malaga.

This amazing opportunity is just a few minutes' drive past the beautiful Embalse del Tomillar lake and surrounded by stunning scenery and with no immediate neighbours. 

It is perfect for anyone who wants peace and quiet, yet it is only 20 minutes from Malaga airport and 25 minutes from the coast. The closest town is Santa Rosalia, less that 10 minutes' drive away and offering all necessary amenities. 

Access to the property is along a tarmacked road except for the last part, but this is still an easy track to drive.  

The plot of 5000m2 is fenced and entered through electric gates up a sweeping driveway leading to the garage. There is plenty of space along the drive to park numerous cars. 

The main house consists of a living room with log burner and A/C, a fully fitted split level kitchen / diner, and a small central hallway off which leads the three bedrooms and two bathrooms, one of which is ensuite to the large master bedroom.  

There are numerous terraces outside including a roof top solarium from which to enjoy the 360-degree panoramic scenery of the mountains and trees. 

Below the main house is a separate one-bedroom ( low ceilinged) apartment with its own entrance leading into the living area from which are the kitchen and bathroom to one side and the bedroom to the other. 

On the terrace outside of this apartment is a bar and barbeque and access to the pool.  

Within the garden areas are a lemon, mandarin, pomegranate and almond trees and several imposing eucalyptus trees which create lovely, shaded areas. 

The current owners have lived here for 22 years and ran a successful kennels and cattery up until they retired 9 years ago. The cattery can house 10 cats and the kennels 11 dogs. These are still in good condition. There is a separate fenced exercise area for the dogs. 

Water is from a well and there is a very large deposit tank which holds 37,000 litres. 

This property would be ideal for anyone who loves nature and wants to get away from it all, but still needs an income as there are so many business possibilities.  

The property has been well cared for by the current owners and is in good condition and ready for a new owner to add their own ideas.