An opportunity not to be missed. If you are looking for an exceptionally well proportioned villa, in a prime location oozing with potential, then look no further…

If you can look past its current unloved appearance you will see the potential this property has to offer. (We have included 2 images to give you an idea). 
Built over 3 floors, on the street level you have a good sized garage and the possibility of converting a void area. Exterior stairs lead up to the first level. Here you have a large terrace and private pool area to the front, with south facing views across the countryside and down to the sea. This would be a great entertaining space for all the family. The garden continues around the villa. 

On entering the property you are greeted into a large welcoming hallway with a feature stairwell directly in front of you, giving you a taste of the grandeur this villa once had.

Three exceptionally large bedrooms occupy this level, accompanied by 2 bathrooms, one ensuite to the master. Still in their original decor, however are perfectly usable whilst new owners decide how they would like to refurbish. Low level bedrooms ensure, cooler rooms throughout the hot summer months.

Moving up the stairs you come to the main living area. This large welcoming space is brimming with natural light with an abundance of windows. Centralised you have a feature fireplace. with access either side to a large terrace, again with beautiful views down to the coast. This open plan room is split level with the dining space situated to one side. To the rear of the room you have an American style kitchen. Looking out over the living room and accessed either side. Behind this there is a utility room and a cloak room.

Situated the popular zone of Campo Mijas, this property is just a 5 minute drive into the bustling town of Fuengirola and its magnificent beaches. Alternatively just a 10 minute drive to the famous white Village of Mijas. In addition it is situated within the catchment area for many great schools. 

The villa in exceptionally well built and full of original features. It has an LPO and it is a perfectly liveable space, although in need of updating. If you let your imagination do a little work you will find an exceptional villa, just in need of someone to love and care for it…A Perfect Family Home!

As an investor looking to reform and sell on, then this could be a very lucrative opportunity also.

Highly recommended for viewings. 

Malaga Airport 25.6km 
Mijas Pueblo 6.5km 
Fuengirola Beach 3.4km