This elegant home has been fully renovated for your convenience and if you are looking for a large, quality home in Spain, look no further.  This is well proportioned 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom house. It has sea views and is situated on a large corner plot,  with a private pool and a garage, this property offers everything you need for a comfortable home or holiday home and will attract superb rentals..

The new open plan kitchen is perfect for entertaining, and opens onto a bright and sunny living area with a fireplace. The large terrace provides the ideal spot for all fresco dining as well as a private swimming pool. On the ground floor level there is also double bedroom and en-suite bathroom. The first floor of the property offers a further 3 bedrooms, the Master having an en-suite and beautiful coastal views.  There is a renovated family bathroom at this level.  Each room has a private terrace.  A large roof terrace is found on the next level taking in that lovely coastal view and a place to watch the sunrise.
The lower level of the house has a private 2 car garage and a converted room, ideal for use as a gym, games or cinema room.
 The property will be sold without furnishings, providing a blank canvas.

As well as your own private pool and garden, you can enjoy the marvelous communal areas, with gardens designed by Spanish Landscape Architect, Pepe Garido of Fuenta Real. They combine spacious common areas with fountains, terraces and special plants and trees. Owners have a choice to relax near one of the 4 beautiful pools. The gardens are maintained to 5* quality with automatic irrigation systems and a water storage facility on site.

You are a stroll down the hill to the beach and into Duquesa Marina.  Even closer is Monte Duquesa a hub of bars with a friendly service and quality meals.
It is ideal if you enjoy country walks, immediately surrounding the urbanisation are the Vineyards of Manilva, you can walk a country road to the village of Manilva. It is a wonderful place to let your dogs run freely into the countryside. All this yet you are only 2 minutes drive.

