Comfortable 3 bedroom semi-detached house with a nice wrapped around terrace and sea views located in Riviera Del Sol.

Situated in a quiet and well-maintained gated urbanization, this attractive 3 bedroom 2.5 bathroom semi-detached house is situated on the higher point of the Urbanization and enjoys panoramic views of the surrounding area and the sea from the bedrooms and the spacious roof solarium. The property is set on two floors + solarium and has a build size of 132 m2 and 242 m2 of private garden/patio.

On the ground floor is an entrance hall, guest toilet, good-sized fitted and equipped kitchen, spacious living/dining room with fireplace, under-stairs storage cupboard and direct access to the covered lower terrace and garden area.

On the first floor of the property are 3 spacious double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. All of the bedrooms have fitted wardrobes. The master bedroom has access to a spacious terrace with sea views, electric shutters and a large ensuite bathroom with a bath and a separate walk-in shower. The other 2 bedrooms are sharing a second bathroom.

From the first floor you can reach the upstairs spacious roof solarium which is very private and has lovely panoramic views.

The property is situated on a large corner plot and has an attractive easily-maintained garden fully tiled of 242 m2. At the front of the property there is room to park 2 vehicles in addition to the communal parking spaces in front of the property.

The house is sold furnished. It also benefits from hot & cold air-conditioning in the lounge and 2 of the 3 bedrooms, electric shutters in the lounge and master bedroom.

The urbanization with its beautiful communal garden, including a small stream with waterfall, 3 swimming pools for adults and 2 for children, a paddle tennis court and a basket ball/hand ball court is fantastic for families. The gardens are very well-maintained with tropical plants, palm trees and 2 picnic areas. One of the pool is right at the back of the house crossing the street and it's perfect for who likes to swim.

There are good transport connections with the A7 and AP7 motorway close by and it is just a 5 minutes drive to the beach and all amenities.