SPACIOUS VILLA WITH A VIEW in Torreblanca area with only 10 min walking distance to the beach, shops etc... The villa has a tourist license
Amazing views towards Fuengirola town, the Mediterranian sea in the south and the mountains of Torreblanca in the west where you can enjoy the sunset.  
Nothing in the front will cover the views as the villa is on a hill top. Beautiful at night with all the lights, not only in Fuengirola but all around.  Sunrice will be on one of the smaller terraces facing southeast.  

This large villa on the first hill of Torreblanca/Fuengirola so easy access to the main road and only 10 min walk to the beach and shops, restaurants etc...  Allthough it is near everything it is amazingly quiet there. 
The villa was build in the early 60ties but has been upgraded several times with extentions that is all registated in townhall.  New electric system. All the changes has been leagaly done.  Sonos music stystem in the house and by the pool.  
Important information is that the villa has a few stairs so not sutiable for people with trouble walking.  
The garage (aprox 22m2) is build for 2 cars and is just on the street level.   
A few steps up you have a own entrance to the lower floor which is the groundfloor.  That floor has been used as short time rental, mostly in the summer. They have tourist lisence. On that floor you have 3 bedrooms(one is used as a game room) 1 bathroom with shower. The pool will be just a few steps up (half a floor) and a huge sunny terrace aprox 80m2 with fantastic views towards the Mediterranien sea, the town of Fuenigrola and the fantastic Mijas Mountains and futher on.  Sun all day.  The garden around the house is rustic but has a lot of fruit trees.
To enter the house main level on the 1st floor.  There you find a hallway that leads direct to the kitchen and a guest toilet.  To the left there are two bedrooms one en-suit bathroom.  Beautiful views again from both the bedrooms through glass doors.  
From the hallway to the right you have 2 living areas and access to two terraces.  There is a wood burner in the main living area.  The main livingroom leads to a glased in terrace, facing Fuengirola to the south and is aprox 35-40m2. Again, the views are amaizing.  The other living / chill out area leads to another terrace of aprox 21m2 and has open views to Fuengirola facing south east.  This is a fantastic nice breakfast terrace and again amazing views.  
The net living area is aprox 270m2.  The villa is not modern but in good condition.  That said it has a lot of potential.  It is a great location to reach everything you need in a few minutes. The Torreblanca trainstation is aprox 15 min walk away. 
My conclusion is that it is rare to find a villa with that kind of views that near to the beach today and with a huge potential.  Or just turn key as it will be sold furnished if new buyer are interested.  Fantastic rental potential.  

