€ 1.775.000. Marbesa/ Las Chapas. Brand new, beach side villa with 4 bedr. /3 bathr. Great plot/ infinity pool.
€ 1.775.000. Marbesa/ Las Chapas. Brand new, fully furnished beach side villa (240m2) with 4 bedrooms/3 bathrooms. Great plot (825m2) with infinity pool.

Ask us to mail the (drone) video!

Very spacious and bright living room with open plan kitchen with several sliding doors to the outside and stairs to the first floor.
The kitchen unit comes with an island setup has an induction stove with extractor hood, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, combination oven and microwave. All Siemens equipment.

There are 2 bedrooms on the ground floor.
Master bedroom (1)
Spacious bedroom with fitted wardrobes. En suite bathroom with walk-in shower, washbasin with 2 sinks, toilet and an outdoor bath.
Bedroom (2).
Spacious bedroom with sliding door to the garden.
Bathroom with walk-in shower, sink and toilet.



Floor layout:

Hall:
Bedroom (3) with sliding door to terrace.
Bedroom (4) with sliding door to terrace.
Bathroom with a walk-in shower, washbasin and toilet.
Room with wardrobes, washing machine and tumble dryer.


Garden:
Landscaped and walled garden (facing south-east) with a variety of mature plantings.
The garden is supplied with water on time by an automatic irrigation system. Garden lighting. Very maintenance-free garden.

There is an infinity pool with underwater lighting. The size of the pool is 13.5 x 4.0 meters.

On the plot is space for 2 vehicles. There is room for 3 cars outside the gate.

Inventory:
The villa is fully furnished both inside and outside with quality furniture from among other Eichholtz.
The villa is sold fully furniture worth € 100,000.

Extra information:
- Immediately available
- Very suitable for rentals
- Underfloor heating in all bathrooms.
- Double glass.
- Air conditioning: separately per room.
- 60 x 60 ceramic tiles light gray color.
- Alarm, inside and outside.
- Year of construction 1984, renovated 2023.
- Electrically operated roller shutters and mosquito screens for some windows.
- Very quiet and private location.
- Beach is 5 minutes' walk.
- Ready to move in!


Location Marbesa:
Marbesa is 10 minutes by car east of Marbella and 30 minutes from Malaga airport.
The established urbanization is located on the beach side of the A7 coastal road between Elviria and Cabopino.
The urbanization consists of spacious streets with alternating (very) modern and Andalusian villas built on spacious plots.
From this villa it is a 5-minute walk to the beach and various 'chiringuitos'.


