Brand new villa in El Paraiso, Benahavis!
Under Construction - will be finish at the end of 2023!
Located within one of the most exclusive residential areas of the Costa del Sol. Both the tranquillity and privacy of its location, paired with its beautiful panoramic and sea views, make this property a unique opportunity for discerning people looking for a home surrounded by nature and golf courses.
It features the highest quality materials and state-of-the-art installations, including photovoltaic energy and heat recovery systems, altogether making a very energy-efficient villa.
The double-height spaces in both the lobby and the dining room make the interior as special as it is spectacular, achieving unique spaces that expand towards a beautiful garden that blends the interior with nature. Both the ground floor and upper floor bedrooms boast beautiful open views of our wonderful Mediterranean Sea. The ground floor features a large and fluid quadruple space, in which the heights of the ceilings alter people's perception and sensations of the spaces. At the entrance there is a double-height hall
with a sculptural concrete and glass staircase, flanked by wooden slats that enrich the space and provide warmth.
In addition, the modern open space of the living room-dining room-kitchen is enriched with a large double height space in the dining room from which a spectacular lamp hangs over the table and divides the various rooms with a sensory feeling. All of it is complemented with large windows facing the garden and its infinity pool. The ground floor also features a guest bedroom with an ensuite bathroom, a large guest toilet, laundry
room and a space for the potential installation of a lift.
The upper floor features an impressive master bedroom with dressing room, en suite bathroom and large and private open terraces with views of the sea and nature, enjoying a privileged position within the villa.
Additionally, there are two large bedrooms with en suite bathrooms, and all of them with private terraces.
The basement features a very large space with two parking spaces, or three if one of the vehicles is a golf buggy. The rest of the basement features a large multi functional space that can be used as a games room, gym, cinema, spa area, wine cellar, etc, making this villa the perfect home for a family or to share with friends.
Location: La Alqueria enjoys a privileged and elevated position offering stunning scenery through breathtaking panoramic views of the La Concha mountain, the Mediterranean coastline and, naturally, the golf course.
This area is a perfect blend of Mediterranean and modern styles, offering both classic Andalusian properties and state-of-the-art villas and flats. Although this mix may seem harsh, the architectural combination blends perfectly into the landscape offering multiple real estate opportunities. What makes this area so unique is the incredible unspoilt nature, with abundant greenery taking place between the various complexes to bring a lush and tranquil ambience to the entire development.