Beautifully reformed Sotogrande home - AN ELEGANT SOTOGRANDE HOME WITH EASY REACH OF SOTOGRANDE, THE BEACH AND THE COAST ROAD. 

A delightful reformed villa in la Reserve de Sotogrande, lovingly renovated with high quality finishes, and superb use of space, which includes a totally independent guest annex. One of the Costa del Sol's very best residential estates, la Reserva de Sotogrande is a very exclusive gated enclave of communities around the world-famous Valderrama Golf Course, within a very short drive to the stunning Marina of Sotogrande, Trocodero's famous beach club, la Reserva Club Sotogrande and Santa Maria Polo Club Sotogrande. This Sotogrande villa is within easy reach of all of these and is a beautifully finished key-ready home with 7 bedrooms on a lovely private plot which features a large swimming pool, and spacious gardens. 

An imposing home in Sotogrande's very best location, which offers very easy access to the local towns and surrounding coast. The original features of this authentic Andalusian villa have lent themselves well to a remodelling which results in a stunning contemporary home that still retains the traditional charm of the Andalusian style. This property consists of the large main house, a separate annex converted to an entirely independent living quarter, and the large garden with remodelled swimming pool. The selling point of this plot and property is it's location, being conveniently close to all of the major transport routes, meaning that this will make a great home for those looking to base themselves here for work, with children at school or just for easy access to all that the Costa del Sol and Costa de la Luz has to offer. 

Very well located in the popular and desirable lower Soto Grande location within a gated community. Near to a top-rated international school, world-famous Valderrama Golf Course, and the luxurious Reserva de Soto Grande Beach Club. A large villa on a very private plot in Soto Grande within easy reach of the main highway, the marina, schools, golf and all other amenities. Sotogrande is the largest privately owned residential development in Andalusia. Originally a gated community, it is located in the municipality of San Roque, Cádiz, Spain and is composed of a 20 square kilometers (8 sq mi) stretch from the Mediterranean Sea 25 km east of Gibraltar, back into the foothills of Sierra Almenara, providing contrasting views of sea, hills, cork forests and green fairways, including the Rock of Gibraltar and Morocco. Some of the richest and most powerful families of Spain and the United Kingdom have summer homes in Soto Grande. Fantastic newly modernised Mediterranean-style villa, over 2 floors, located in one of the best streets of Sotogrande, Altos C area. Ground Floor ——————— Large entrance hall with coat-cupboard. Open plan bespoke kitchen. Separate pantry off the kitchen (sink, 2 dishwashers, ample storage). Utility-room (2 washing machines, separate dryer, ample storage). Separate dining area. Substantial sized living-room with open fireplace, leading to large terrace/porch. Separate sitting-room/reading-room/library. Bodega. Bedroom 1 with en-suite. Bedroom 2 with bathroom and walk-in wardrobe. Bedroom 3 with en-suite & picture window looking over the gardens and pool. Guest toilet. Generous hallway, leading onto a walled courtyard and terrace & gardens. First floor ————— Bedroom 4 with en-suite. Bedroom 5. Bedroom 6. Shared bathroom for bedrooms 5&6. Separate large multifaceted building with en-suite (bedroom 7/guest living/gym/offices). Spacious double garage (direct access to house). Large Swimming Pool. Underfloor heating. Built in wardrobes throughout. New glazing throughout. Internal mood/feature and garden lighting. Shock Platos boiling water tap. 

VILLA REFORM NOW COMPLETE AND PROPERTY FURNISHED. LARGE FAMILY VILLA IN LOWER RESERVA DE SOTOGRANDE. Presenting a unique opportunity to purchase a large traditional Sotogrande villa standard fully reformed to the highest The original features of this lovely villa in Soto Grande lend themselves well to a remodelling which will result in a stunning contemporary home that still retains the traditional charm of the Andalusian style. This property consists of the large main house, a separate annex that is being converted to an entirely independent living quarter, and the large garden with remodelled swimming pool. The selling point of this plot and property is it's location, being conveniently close to all of the major transport routes, meaning that this will make a great home for those looking to base themselves here for work, with children at school or just for easy access to all that the Costa del Sol and Costa de la Luz has to offer. Very well located in the popular and desirable lower Soto Grande location within a gated community. Near to a top-rated international school, world-famous Valderrama Golf Course, and the luxurious Reserva de Soto Grande Beach Club. A large villa on a very private plot in Soto Grande within easy reach of the main highway, the marina, schools, golf and all other amenities. Soto Grande is the largest privately owned residential development in Andalusia. Originally a gated community, it is located in the municipality of San Roque, Cádiz, Spain and is composed of a 20 square kilometers (8 sq mi) stretch from the Mediterranean Sea 25 km east of Gibraltar, back into the foothills of Sierra Almenara, providing contrasting views of sea, hills, cork forests and green fairways, including the Rock of Gibraltar and Morocco. Some of the richest and most powerful families of Spain and the United Kingdom have summer homes in Soto Grande. Reconstruction is currently being carried out by one of the best building companies in the Costa del Sol. Keep Andalucía appearance, introduce contemporary styling, fenestration and doorways remodelling, landscaping, modernise heating and cooling systems, add separate pool-house, create open-planned living space, 2 large master-suites, 1 king suite, 2 double bedrooms, 6th super-king suite/study, bring the 2 garages into the property. Convert detached garage and workshop area into separate guest quarters; 1 bedrooms, self-contained unit.