A delightful four bedroom Finca located on the fringe of Alhaurin. It is set in a quiet location, which benefits an independent two bedroom wooden house with a covered entrance and porch.
The main house comprises a large, covered porch with open panoramic views of the garden, pool and mountains, an entrance hall into an open style lounge with a feature pellet fire, a dining area, and a fantastic modern kitchen (recently fitted) with top appliances and a pantry. There are two double bedrooms, a master bedroom with a separate bathroom close by, a single bedroom room (currently used as an office) and a guest bathroom. 
Features include air conditioning, fitted wardrobes, and pellet fire.
Extra features include several outbuildings, a double garage (the present doors would have to be modified to get a car in), a carport for three cars, a wood storage room and toolshed, and a substantial covered outdoor BBQ/ kitchen area. Various terraces lead to the private swimming pool with an open grass area, an outbuilding with multiple storage rooms, and a WC.
In addition, there is a second fenced garden area and outbuildings.
The plot is further divided to include a large wooden house with a spacious lounge/diner/kitchen and family bathroom. This comprises a covered porch, dining area, BBQ/kitchen area, utility room WC, swimming pool, and large driveway with an automatic entrance gate.
Features include air conditioning, a wood burning fire, a pantry, and a double carport.
It is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a home with many possibilities of change of use, taking advantage of generating extra income from a solid rental market.
The property has good road access within a short drive of all the major roads and local amenities. Both coast and the airport are approximately a 35 minute drive. 
 The licence of Antiquity is included.
Early viewings are highly recommended, as this type of property is unique!!!

Finca - Cortijo, Alhaurín el Grande, Costa del Sol.
6 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 655m², Garden/Plot 6.049m².

Setting : Close To Town.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Barbeque, Staff Accommodation.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
