Welcome to Villa Mar, a beautifully renovated 5 bedroom 5 bathroom villa, located in Balcones De Sierra Blanca, offering spectacular sea views. The home is ideally located down a quite cul-de- sac, sat at the foothill of Sierra Blanca in one of the most sought after areas of Marbella. As you reach the entrance of the property you are greeted by an elevated plot high off the road level, offering important privacy and a large set of security gates with video entry. Once through the gates you have a large stone blocked laid driveway, taking you up to the property and access to the closed off private garage. As you enter the main door you get a true feel of space and brightness and quality with a large open plan living, dining and kitchen area with a private home office and washroom coming off the main areas. The fully equipped kitchen is a beautiful design finished in high quality soft close wooden cabinets and a natural stone counter top, which has been book marked throughout, which leads onto a very large open plan living space, with fireplace and a built in temperature controlled wine fridge. Large double glazed and solar specification sliding doors, let in an abundance of light and open up to the outdoor terrace and
pool area. Here you will find a covered alfresco dining area and outdoor bar area for day time dining and evening enjoyment, which also includes and outdoor BBQ area, pizza oven, and a large uncovered south facing terrace and pool area. With a large newly renovated heated pool, with built in jacuzzi and waterfall functions, you can enjoy the sea views and privacy that the home offers while taking in the amazing atmosphere of the area. Continuing upstairs to the 1st floor, you are then greeted by three ensuite bedrooms. Directly in-front you have the very spacious primary bedroom with large ensuite bathroom, and very large wardrobe and dressing room area, with a separate vanity area. From the primary the most incredible views are offered from the private  terrace out to sea and across the coast line, making this spot especially charming in the evening. Off the primary you then have the further two bedrooms with ensuites, one of which with a particularly large bathroom and build in wardrobe area, and the other a little smaller but still with the perfect size for children or guests. Due to the layout of the upstairs floor plan, its the perfect house for a family meaning children are close by in their own rooms, but still far enough away offering privacy. Leading to the lower level of the house, you then find a further bedroom and washroom with shower and generous family/living area which also has coming off it another kitchen. Due to the distribution and how this area is used it works as a perfect entertainment area for guests or separate living area for live in staff. Off this level you then have a utility/laundry room and access to the large closed off garage which can accommodate two cars and also access to what has been made into a gym/dance studio. The property offers a well done renovation, with qualities used throughout in all areas, underfloor heating throughout, air zone air conditioning in all rooms, solar panels on the roof for energy efficient use and lower energy bills. All in all this property is a fantastic opportunity to own superb home in a superb area ...