Welcome to the contemporary high-end beautifully presented in a sought after area in Los Olivos del Paraiso, an exclusive residential complex composed of contemporary villas and located in the heart of El Paraiso, on the New Golden Mile in Estepona area. The well-established area between Marbella and Estepona offers close proximity to all amenities and golf courses not to mention areas such as Puerto Banus, Marbella town or Nueva Andalucía are only 10-15min drive away.

Set on a plot of 802m², the beautiful villa of 582 m² has been designed by renowned architect Pedro Iraburu Elizalde and offers high quality and spacious interior designed rooms with stunning and elegant interior design furniture and styling solutions. The villa is built over 3 levels. The ground floor consists of a large hallway with a guest toilet, an open plan living space that enjoys an abundance of natural light thanks to the large glass windows that open out onto the outdoor area. They lead to a private heated swimming pool, BBQ area as well as private sun loungers. The modern kitchen is fully equipped and has an island and breakfast area. Overlooking the garden, 
1 bedroom suite on the ground floor. A Master bedroom enjoys access through a bespoke walk-in wardrobe. The lower ground floor consists of 2 large bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms, and a large games room featuring a dining table, bar and TV area. The first floor features a roof terrace and a spacious bedroom suite enjoying serene views. These spaces are accessed via a sleek and modern staircase. Each bedroom has a TV, generous storage space and is immaculately presented. The villa also has a huge garage for 3 cars

Surrounded with beautiful nature and similar luxury properties, the luxury 6-bedroom house comes for sale with high-end qualities and luxurious features, such as a fireplace, Home automation system, alarm, double glazing, air-conditioning, under floor heating throughout, gym, storage and utility rooms, satellite TV, Internet – Wi-Fi, etc. The asking price includes the furnitures. 
It's an ideal option for those looking for a modern, ready to move in home in an established consolidated area.