Spacious, detached, low maintenance house located in the prestigious urbanisation of Casablanca. Main level with spacious lounge/dining area with large wide windows which give access to an ample sunny terrace with sea views. From this terrace there is access to lower exterior level with pool , as well as access for guest/maintenance staff from street.  Adjacent to dining area on this main level there is large american style kitchen which has independent external access, ideal to bring in the shopping.  On upper level there are 3 bedrooms, all facing towards sea with lovely views, all have built in wardrobes, and the main bedroom has access to a lovely terrace enjoying sea views, this main bedroom benefits from access to ensuite bath and showeroom with underfloor heating.  On the lower level there is another bedroom with ensuite shower room and patio perfect for guests.  This level also holds another shower room which serves the small pool on the large terrace outside.  This large terrace by the pool is partially covered and uncovered, and in addition has easy external access via stairs to the upper terrace and street.  On this level there is a very large storeroom.  In summary, a large house perfect for those who seek a prestigious location, with plenty of living area and low maintenance giving more time to enjoy a quality lifestyle!  Viewings are highly recommended.
DEED: Total Closed Built Area 222,75m2, area covered/uncovered 165,95m2, exterior area 107,75m2 Year of Build: 2005, Aprox fees IBI :2199,01€ per year - Basura 190€ per year - Community 155,40€ (community plus mancomminity) per month/ CEE:Energy Consumption Rating & CO2 Emissions Rating Pending
The stated data is merely informative and has no contractual value. These details may be subject to errors, price changes, omissions, availability and/or withdrawal from the market without prior notice. The indicated price does not include the expenses inherent to the purchase of real estate according to current laws (ITP or VAT, notary expenses, registry expenses, conveyancing etc) 
