A golden opportunity has arisen to acquire one – or two - stunning apartments in the exclusive development of Altos de CortesÍn, in the prestigious Finca CortesÍn Golf Resort which is hosting the elite international women's gold competition, the Solheim Cup in September 2023.

Within this privileged address, the Altos de CortesÍn complex is a beautiful, tranquil and very well-maintained residential development. Featuring classic, timeless white Andalusian architecture, the gardens and views of this urbanization are exceptional.

Looking out to a pristine swimming pool – one of several in the development - along with the manicured gardens and panoramic views to the golf course and hills beyond, the two apartments are both located on the first floor. Available to be purchased separately or together – the properties could be joined with the intention of creating a large luxurious residence.

Each apartment has an attractive wooden front door, and offers 137 m2 of living space, plus 28 m2 of terraces.

Bought together, the apartments could merge into a property of a generous 274 m2 of prime living space. The terraces are joined with a simple wall and in the event of buying both apartments to merge into one, you could extend this into one long terrace of 56 m2.

The two apartments each have a large living room and dining area which opens out through long glass windows directly to the spacious terrace. The kitchen in each apartment is separate, fully-furnished and in good condition. The apartments have marble floors throughout.

With two bedrooms in each apartment – both with two quality en-suite bathrooms finished in marble, one with a bathtub, the other a shower, should the apartments be purchased to join together, the resulting property would have 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms.

The bedrooms have spacious fitted wardrobes, and the apartments are both fitted with air-conditioning throughout.

Each apartment comes with a parking space in the underground garage, along with a store room. In excellent condition, these apartments are a superb investment to either enjoy individually or together to create a larger, luxurious residence.

Considered one of the top 50 golf resorts in Europe, Finca CortesÍn is home to the stunning cortijo-style 5-star luxury Finca CortesÍn Hotel, complete with fine dining and luxury shopping, with the coast, beaches and the stunning Finca CortesÍn beach club just 2 kilometres away.

Both the resort of Finca CortesÍn, and the Altos de CortesÍn development are gated, providing excellent security. The prestigious neighbourhood is quiet, countrified and ideal for enjoying both golf and beaches. Located on the road to the beautiful white village of Casares, Finca CortesÍn is just a 20-minute drive to Sotogrande to the west, and Marbella to the east.

Offering an excellent quality of life and leisure, these apartments will be in great demand, and early viewing is recommended.