Villa with impressive sea views from each of its rooms!! 300 meters from the beach, it is built on an 800m² plot and has 2 floors plus the possibility of making a complete and independent apartment on the lower floor of the house. It is located in the Calaburra-El Chaparral Lighthouse and has access from two streets. The area is exclusively residential, mostly with single-family villas and small apartment buildings. It is an idyllic and quiet residential area where life goes by freely between the sea and the popular towns of La Cala de Mijas, Fuengirola, Marbella or Mijas Pueblo. Easy access to the highway and just 25 minutes from Malaga international airport. The villa is accessible through a gate with parking area for 5 cars. The Villa has several terraces surrounded by a natural landscape, with impressive views of the sea that provides a very pleasant feeling and a lot of privacy. Continuing with the outdoor space, we must highlight the emblematic pool and the space that this house provides to enjoy the outdoors and with friends. Upon entering the house, we find the hall that leads to a large, very bright living room with high ceilings and large windows that transfers the captivating beauty of the views and the surroundings to the interior of the house. On this same floor we find the kitchen. and a dining space. Another important advantage is that three of its four double bedrooms are on this floor, all with high ceilings and impressive sea views. Going up the stairs we find the master bedroom, with a large dressing room, its en-suite bathroom and beautiful terraces with views. This Villa offers the possibility of enabling a complete and totally independent apartment on the lower floor. The surroundings, beaches with crystal clear water and the wide variety of restaurants, shopping centers and countless entertainment options make this Villa a dream home on foot. from the Mediterranean. An opportunity that you should not miss! Arrange a viewing today and be captivated by the true beauty and charm of this exceptional property.