Wake up to the singing of birds and breathe the air of the wonderful nature of Mijas Golf.

A warm welcome to a peaceful location offering a view of the golf course, green surroundings and nature outside the door. With its tropical garden, 4 refreshing pools and 1 children's pool, palm trees and lawns, this place is truly something out of the ordinary and an idyllic environment to live.

This residence is located on the first floor (one flight of stairs without an elevator). The property has 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 terraces, kitchen and living room. The spacious bedrooms have direct exits to the terraces, and one of the bedrooms has its own bathroom and bathtub (both bathrooms have hot air heaters). The terraces are very nice and spacious. One facing south overlooking the beautiful garden and the other facing north and overlooking the golf course and is very private. Depending on the season, you can alternate between the different patios to enjoy both the sun and the shade. Here you can enjoy the fantastic environment all year round.

AC is installed in the living room to always have a pleasant temperature throughout the year and also a pellet stove that is more powerful than a regular fireplace (and without leaving smoke). The kitchen is fully equipped with appliances and dishwasher. The washing machine is located on one of the terraces. There is an anti-calcium system installed so that the washing machines, dishwashers and pipes last longer.

Also included in the price are part of the furniture, a private garage space and a storage room. There is also parking right outside on the street for those living in the association/guests.

There is a bus stop 200 m from the apartment that takes you to the center of Fuengirola and Mijas Pueblo, among others. In the area there are restaurants, a small grocery store, paddle tennis, golf courses, barbecue park and a few minutes by car there are larger grocery stores, gyms, cafes, bars, etc.

Harmonious and quiet area surrounded by beautiful nature, but just a few minutes from the center of Fuengirola and the city life and the beautiful beaches of Costa del Sol. Mijas Golf is a well-known area, well known for its fantastic golf course. golf that attracts people from all over the country. A holiday paradise, but also an ideal place for those looking for a permanent home.
We highly recommend a visit!

2 minutes to restaurants
2 min to the paddle tennis court
5 minutes to grocery store
8 min to Miramar shopping center
10 min to the center of Fuengirola
10 minutes to the beach
10 min to the center of La Cala
25 min to Malaga airport
30 min to the center of Marbella
Note: All information, running costs, size etc are provided by the owner.