The biggest and most exclusive 4 bedroom duplex penthouse in the prestigious Stupa Hills with breath taking sea views is now on sale. This penthouse is a luxurious Sky Villa with its 75m2 living room that opens up to a panoramic sea view. The rest of the penthouses in Stupa Hills have only about 45m2 living room, so this unit is quite something else and perfect for someone who is looking for that extra luxurious space to enjoy with family and friends. Located near the idilic Spanish white washed old town of Benalmadena Pueblo and all its services within walking distance. There is underfloor heating though out the property and economic aerothermia heating and cooling system that can be controlled in each room individually. There is an Italian designer kitchen with an island and water purifying system that enables you to drink the tap water. Big floor tiles and floor to ceiling windows.

All the bedrooms are spacious and two of them have bathrooms ensuite. Either of the two bedrooms could be used as the master bedroom. One is located downstairs and has 23m2, the other is massive with 41,25m2 and is located upstairs. There are two more spacious bedrooms, with built in closets, that share a bathroom. Both floors have a terrace with amazing views to the sea. The house is equipped with high quality features, fittings and appliances. There is underfloor heating though out the property and economic aerothermia heating and cooling system that can be controlled in each room individually. There is an Italian designer kitchen with an island and water purifying system that enables you to drink the tap water. Big floor tiles and floor to ceiling windows.

The community has outstanding stylish common areas. There are two swimming pools outside and one inside spa pool. There is a sauna and a Turkish hammam as well as a gym and yoga/ exercise room. A supermarket is just next door and a small shopping center with several restaurants only a 400m walk away. The distance to Benalmadena Pueblo us just over a kilometre and you can easily reach all the services and restaurants by feet. The area is well connected with the AP7 both towards Marbella and Malaga. The airport is only under 15 minutes away. For sports lovers there is a outdoor sports center with paddle courts very nearby. Also the Hilton Higueron Resorts Sports and Spa is very close. What a location!

The property includes two parking spaces and a big 8m2 storage room. The property is soon ready to move in. Without furniture the sales price is 1.499.000€. If you are looking for the best penthouse with the best sea views, you need to see this gem.