This renovated house with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and a guest toilet offers a wonderful balance between city and countryside. In the district of Bermejo, between Alora and El Caminito del Rey is located on a country road.

The house, which measures 93 m2, is located on an urban plot of 615 m2 on the outskirts of the village of Bermejo in the Caracuel district, just a 10-minute drive from Alora pueblo.

The accommodation is all single-storey and completely and qualitatively renovated. Through the electric door you park your car on your own property. The plot is fenced and planted with new trees, climbing bushes for the fence and attractively finished with artificial grass, a beautiful terrace and a jacuzzi.
Upon entering the house, the overall high level of the home's finish stands out. Double-glazed and plastic window frames, beautiful modern wooden doors, an attractive tiled floor, modern and luxurious bathrooms and a great dining kitchen with every conceivable built-in appliance and a dedicated area for the washing machine.
All changes to the house have been done with the permission of the municipality of Alora and all built-in materials still have factory warranty. Not only has the house been visually embellished, but also all installations for electricity, water and drains have been completely renewed!
There are two bedrooms, each with their own luxury bathroom. Special mention should be made of the freestanding bath, luxury fitted materials and separate guest toilet.
This house has registered solar panels (2.5 kw) and everything in the house has basic electricity. Boilers, atmosphere fireplace, cooker etc. There are also three modern air conditioning systems fitted (hot and cold).  
The property has an alarm system with cameras. The property will be sold furnished if desired (including jacuzzi)
An ideal option for people who want to enjoy the rich Spanish life without worries. School, train station, shops, restaurants and bar is within walking distance in the beautiful village of Bermejo! 
City water and irrigation water are connected and the house has a shared septic tank with the neighbours.
A contemporary home with fabulous views in a beautiful location!
