Originally listed at €499,500 now reduced to €459,500.

Fantastic, elegant first floor luxury apartment in Hacienda del Sueño for sale. The property was individually completed in May 2023, which makes the apartment incomparable to the other apartments in the complex. Designer furniture, as well as decorative objects and complete, very high-quality inventory are included in the purchase price.
This 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment has incredible features that are sure to catch everyone''s attention.
Upon entering the property you will find the chic, open plan kitchen, living and dining area. The most modern appliances are available in the kitchen. From here you have access to a large deck with a gas grill and enough space to entertain guests and relax on the large lounge sofa while enjoying the spectacular, almost panoramic views that include mountains, countryside and even ocean and coastal views .
The apartment has two bedrooms, one of which has an en suite bathroom and direct access to the terrace. The other bedroom has a 3m built-in wardrobe thanks to a changed floor plan, which will make every woman happy. A separate guest bathroom is also available. A garage parking space and storage room are also part of the property.
The complex is immaculately maintained and features a heated swimming pool, sauna, man-made lagoon with waterfall, manicured gardens, fitness facilities, an on-site restaurant and bar and a mini market. The community offers all the essential amenities that really make this property complete.
The location of this property is also impressive, as you are less than 10 minutes drive from beaches such as those in Fuengirola or La Cala de Mijas and just 25 minutes drive from Málaga International Airport. Shopping centers, supermarkets, restaurants, a health center and various pharmacies are 5 minutes away. The hotspots Marbella and Puerto Banus marina can be reached in 30-40 minutes by car.
We strongly recommend viewings as this property is particularly unique.