Spectacular villa in TORREQUEBRADA a few meters from the beach, with large parking spaces and storage room, with a small machine for the pool, with an area around the pool where you can sunbathe all day due to its orientation; a large wicker pergola that provides plenty of shade, artificial grass, some very cozy stairs.
It has three groups of solar panels, one of them exclusively for the pool, the jacuzzi boiler and the sauna.
It has a very good distribution, with very good maintenance by its gardener, a large patio that leads to the main door, the kitchen, the porch or any of the two rooms that are on the first floor. Large basement with its bar area, a cellar, a large fireplace, a stone and wood oven, with a room for the machinery for the jacuzzi and sauna, a room where the sauna and jacuzzi are installed, with a bathroom toilet and a bathtub. The plot has 628m2 and built 351m2.

On the first floor we can find two spacious bedrooms, a full bathroom, a spacious living room with a toilet, and a glazed porch with spectacular views, which invites you to enjoy the porch, both in summer and winter. Going up to the first floor, we find the main room with an en-suite bathroom, a shared bathroom and a bedroom. Both the main room and the secondary room have access to a large solarium that provides much more clarity to both rooms. Going up to the last floor we find a fairly spacious attic, which can be used as a separate room or living room with a round window where you have views of the sea.

A villa or chalet with great potential, to enjoy all year round.
Do not hesitate to call or write us, for much more information.

"In compliance with the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of October 11, customers are informed that notary, registry and I.T.P. expenses are not included in the price. We remind you that as a consumer you have the right to be informed and deliver the corresponding informative documentation, as the case may be, based on the provisions of Decree 218/05 of October 11 that regulates the Regulation of Consumer Information in the purchase, sale and lease of homes in Andalusia."