Ground floor flat with garden in the exclusive Emerald Greens complex, San Roque Club. 

This property stands out for its large terrace opening onto the garden with unbeatable views of the golf course and the Mediterranean Sea. South facing to take advantage of the sun and based on the total living concept, there is great continuity between the interior and exterior of the house, fully integrated into the surroundings of the cork oak wood pasture. Maintaining this open plan model, the kitchen is integrated into the living room and has direct access to the terrace, allowing you to enjoy every moment with family and friends. Equipped with high qualities in kitchen, lighting, air conditioning and large windows, it is distributed in 3 spacious and bright bedrooms. The master bedroom with en-suite bathroom with shower has a dressing room and large window with access to the terrace. The other two bright bedrooms have fitted wardrobes and a second bathroom with shower. It should be noted that there are no adjoining properties with views to green areas. 

Ready to move in with high level qualities and the most effective thermal and acoustic insulation on the market. Two underground parking spaces and storage room included in the price. The residential has a large communal leisure area with pedestrian paths between cork trees. A magnificent urbanisation where nothing is lacking, offering the best communal areas surrounded by nature, 3 swimming pools, paths for strolling and enjoying nature, situated on the famous old golf course 'Old Course', a green oasis, with views of the sea and the Club House, the historic home of the Domecq family.

Situated in San Roque Club, between Valderrama Golf and the Real Club de Golf de Sotogrande, just 20 minutes from Gibraltar Airport and 90 minutes from Malaga and Jerez airports. Very close to the leisure and sports facilities of La Marina de Sotogrande, the Sotogrande International School, shopping centres and the fine sandy beaches of Alcaidesa, Sotogrande and Guadiaro.

In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucia 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.