Splendid south facing, corner apartment on the 2nd floor, set in this very sought after and beautifully kept gated complex Milenio on the edge of the Miraflores golf course. The property consists of an open-plan sun-drenched living-dining room with impressive floor-to-ceiling and wall-to-wall picture windows which give the feel of flowing into the superb terrace overlooking the green of hole 11th. Open plan fully fitted kitchen with brand-new American fridge, 2 large double bedrooms the two with access to the terrace, 2 bathrooms (1 en-suite). Both bedrooms have large mirrored fitted wardrobes. Nice quality with marble flooring throughout, fully tiled marble bathrooms, air conditioning hot & cold throughout, video entry phone, Satellite TV, etc. This peaceful complex is gated and  with CCTV security caneras and has beautiful, very well-maintained tropical gardens which includes a water pond crossed by little wooden bridges, truly beautiful swimming-pool with bar area,  equipped fitnessroom and sauna. Situated next door to Miraflores golf club house and within short distance to bars, restaurants and the sea. Private underground parking space and store room.

Beds: 2 | Baths: 2 | Living area: 84 m2 | Terraces: 22 m2 |  Underground private parking space | Facing: S-W | Construction year: 2002

Airport: 25min drive - Puerto Banus: 15 min drive - Marbella: 10 min drive - Golf Course: 3 min walk - Beach: 20 min walk & 3 min drive - Closest bars & restaurants: at the club house - Amenities: 15 min walk & 3 min drive - Public Transports: 20 min walk & 3 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date.  Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!
