This fabulous, well-presented south facing 3 bedroom semi-detached townhouse has a private terrace providing sea, golf and garden views and a generous sized garden with family terrace.  The property comes with a fully fitted kitchen, log stove, storeroom and utility room.

The property is located in the urbanisation of Los Carmenes.  The communal pool is very close to the property, less than a minute walk.  Within a 5 minute walk you arrive at the nearby square which has some bars, restaurants and cafés.  The popular Marina de la Duquesa is only a 10 minute walk away or alternatively a few minutes drive via the internal roads.  Marina de La Duquesa is a lovely Marina with a number of local and international bars, restaurants, cafés.  The beach is also only a few minutes away.  You could even follow the promenade and walk along the Casares coast to neighbouring Sabinillas.  The beach promenade or paseo has a selection of quality tapas bars, restaurants, and beach chirinquitos offering a variety of local and international cuisine.  The beach has been awarded the Blue Flag, a distinction awarded by the European Foundation for Environmental Education.

The property is bright and spacious with an open plan lounge, dining and kitchen.  The kitchen comes fully equipped.  The property further benefits from marble floors, fully fitted wardrobes, and air-conditioning.  The lounge and all 3 bedrooms benefit from the choice between air-conditioning or ceiling fans.

As you enter the property through the front gate you are immediately drawn to the size of the outdoor space with the generous sized garden wrapping round 3 sides of the semi detached town house.  As you enter the main entrance to the property you have a guest toilet to your left and the stairs to your right.  There is a store room under the stairs with a utility room opposite.  At the end of this corridor is an archway providing access to the open plan lounge, dining and kitchen.

As you approach the archway you appreciate the open space that has been created.  As you enter the lounge area you see the character of the log stove and imagine the warmth provided during winter.  The room is bright with plenty of natural light emanating from the floor to ceiling sliding patio doors.  The patio doors provide access to the family terrace that leads onto the garden.  To the side there is a good sized patio area for BBQ.  This is such a lovely peaceful setting for entertaining, al fresco dining or simply relaxing soaking in the mediterranean lifestyle. 

As you re-enter the lounge you appreciate the open plan living as the room extends into the dining area at the far side of the property.  As you enter the dining area to your right is the well designed fully fitted modern kitchen.  The kitchen is designed in an L-Shape with plenty of work surfaces, cupboards and desirable mod-cons.  This area has plenty of natural light from the large window in the dining area and the kitchen patio door leading to the garden.  

As you walk upstairs the arch shaped windows provide additional character.  Upstairs are 3 generous sized bedrooms all with fitted wardrobes.  Furthermore, you have the choice between air-conditioning or ceiling fans.  There is a family bathroom with a bath-shower and the Master bedroom has an ensuite with a bath-shower.  The Master bedroom further benefits with a private terrace providing sea, golf and garden views.

The communal pool is ideally situated and is less than a minute walk.

La Duquesa is located in the municipality of Manilva.  It is 20 minutes away from Gibraltar so ideal if you wish to commute in.  It is also 10 minutes away from the sought-after Sotogrande with its La Reserva Beach Club, Marina and world-famous golf courses such as Valderrama.  The white mountain town of Manilva or the popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade is only a 10-minute drive away.  Twenty minutes in the Malaga direction will take you to Puerto Banus and Marbella.  There is so much to explore in the area.  It is very possible to make day trips to Seville, Malaga and Granada.  You will be spoilt for choice if you are a passionate golfer, there are numerous golf clubs within the vicinity with Duquesa golf being the closest.

This property is a must see! 

Come view with me!