This luxury modern style 7-bedroom house for sale is set in Paraiso Alto, one of the most sought-after areas on the New Golden Mile, Benahavis, close to the golf courses, international schools, beaches, and all amenities.

Set on a plot of 2.500m², the spectacular, south-facing mansion of 1.841m² is built to the highest standards and offers contemporary and modern design combined with a beautiful natural setting and breath-taking panoramic views of the Mediterranean Sea, golf course, and picture-perfect surroundings. Striking, spacious, and eco-friendly, it features an elegant living room with a bio-fireplace and large windows with access to a large porch and the garden and pool area; a fully fitted state-of-art designer kitchen and a dining area; 7 bedrooms with 7 bathrooms en-suite (marble, double sinks, shower cabins, bathtubs, Jacuzzi), 2 guest toilets, cinema, and game rooms.

Take advantage of designated entertainment and chill-out areas outdoors, and find relaxation or fitness pleasures in your health club with a gym, sauna, and yoga deck. The covered and sunny terraces of 341 m² have everything you need to enjoy the world-famous Mediterranean lifestyle, including chill-out, al fresco dining, BBQ, and sun deck areas. The large zero-edge swimming pool with cascade adds exclusivity. So does the private garage for 10 cars.
This truly extraordinary, flawless residence comes for sale in excellent condition with luxurious features: the high-end furniture and custom-made decorative elements (optional), a dressing room, an exquisite staircase, top quality home appliances, air-conditioning, electric blinds, fitted wardrobes, sophisticated lighting, etc.

Surrounded by beautiful nature, superb golf courses, and similar luxury properties of the New Golden Mile and Benahavis area, the house enjoys a privileged location. Situated in the Valley of El Paraiso, with the iconic La Concha Mountain backdrop, Sierra Bermeja mountain range to the north, and the Mediterranean Sea to the south, the quiet area of El Paraiso Alto, is a paradise indeed! Its stunning vistas across the scenic Marbella coastline, idyllic Andalusian landscape with an undulating green carpet of golf courses, and sparkling sea towards Africa add a new dimension to lounging. You will find family-oriented activities in this established neighborhood known for its beauty of nature, security, and high quality of life. 

The residence is close to fabulous Puerto Banus (just minutes' drive), the famous gourmet-village Benahavis, Estepona resort, San Pedro, Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucía and Marbella Center.

Buying this magnificent house is an excellent opportunity for those interested in the most exclusive lifestyle in the unbeatable location of the Mediterranean region. Do you see yourself living in this extraordinary mansion?