FIRST OPPORTUNITY SINCE CONSTRUCTION! 

We are thrilled to exclusively market this superbly appointed luxury property, peacefully located yet only 2 mins from the 'jewel of Mijas',  the historic white washed village of Mijas Pueblo. Less than 20 mins from Malaga airport and benefitting fully from superb communication links, having close proximity to all major road, rail and bus services.

Commanding stunning panoramic views to the Mediterranean, with the dramatic backdrop of the Sierra Mijas mountain range, this well known, fastidiously maintained, popular urbanisation is synonymous with quality & luxury.
From it's original highly spec'd & lauded construction, the materials employed throughout, to the finalised luxury branded fittings found throughout this immaculately presented property, all nestled within beautifully manicured tropical gardens, it`s multiple pools (completely refurbed 2023) & superb onsite resident facilities.  

The present Vendors, who purchased off plan, (despite securing one of the largest properties within the entire urbanisation) have extended further, updated, reformed and thus ensuring the property is maintained fully, to an extremely high standard.  One we are confident, should appease the most discerning of Buyers!

Entering this bright, spacious residence via it's unique, secure, private gated enclosed terrace and porch, you are immediately greeted by an impressive entrance and hall. Off which there's a spacious reformed kitchen with fully integrated appliances, leading you further to a fully functional separate utility/laundry room. 
The well laid out, spacious lounge & dedicated dining area, complete with fully functional real open/glazed fireplace...affords light from the quality double glazed doors onto additional alfresco living with it's huge covered terrace, perfect for entertaining and enjoying the fabulous sunsets over the mountains to the west, averaging no less that 320 out of 365 days per year!

Don't miss this unique opportunity to own this  rarely available, beautiful residence in one of the best Mijas has to offer!





