Very private country property located on the outskirts of Gaucin, Costa del Sol, Malaga, Andalusia with spectacular panoramic mountain views.
There is an electric gate which gives access to the property, when you enter at the property there is a flat part which is used as a car park and a garden area with beautiful flowers.
At the entrance of the property there is an Andalusian patio which gives access to a beautiful covered terrace, with a dining area with barbecue and a beautiful fountain from where you can see the beautiful garden of the property an the large swimming pool.
The house was built with a lot of charm, and is distributed as follows: At the entrance of the property there is an hall which gives access to a spacious living room with a fireplace and wooden beams on the ceiling, with access to a large terrace with incredible open views of the mountains, next to the living room there is a recently renovated kitchen with very good quality and modern materials, on the same floor we have a toilet, other a living room with fireplace and wooden beams on the ceiling with access to the terraces of the house and to the garden area, there is also a large bedroom with a large fully equipped bathroom.
From the hallway at the entrance of the house you can access two large bedrooms with fully equipped bathrooms.
All the bathrooms have recently been renovated, they have been renovated with modern materials of very good quality.
On the ground floor there is a large storage area, a laundry area, a large garage for several cars, and a large bedroom with a fully equipped bathroom.
The house is surrounded by large south-facing terraces, which have lots of light all day, making it an ideal area to enjoy the good weahter we have in Andalusia.
There is a mature garden, which has a pretty lawn area, a large variety of flowers and an organic vegetable garden.
The finca is completely fenced with wire and has many hundred-year-old trees.
The property is located about 35 minutes by car from Ronda, 50 minutes by car from the city of Estepona and the beach, 80 minutes from Marbella and 110 minutes from Malaga airport.
 This beautiful finca of Gaucin is ideal to live all year round and enjoy an authentic paradise.
