Detached villa on the New Golden Mile, 860m2 plot with an exclusive design, swimming pool and the most advanced technology.

Villa Atalaya is located in the 'Golden Triangle' Benahavis, Marbella and Estepona. Beach area, hotels, social and golf clubs that fill the area with exclusive homes. Just a few metres from the bilingual school San José, as well as the golf courses that surround the area. An inspiring destination to establish your life or own second homes.

The Villa consists of 315 m2 built, one floor with 4 bedrooms and their respective bathrooms, as well as large spaces of minimalist style. Inside, there is a large living-dining room of more than 45 m2 with a kitchen of 25 m2. An open space, spacious and luminous, connected to the terrace, garden and the exterior of the property. The property has a solarium and gardens with an impressive private swimming pool.

Internal stairs lead to a basement with natural light where the fifth bedroom and bathroom are located. As well as a room to choose what you want to use it for, could it be a cinema, games room or gym? You can turn the basement into a spacious flat or transform the space according to your interests. The possibilities are endless, it's up to you.

The Villa's ventilation and large windows allow light to flood into the house throughout the day, giving the house a sense of paradisiacal surroundings and quality of life. The perfect combination of these spaces makes it a privileged place to live and rest.

The property has the perfect balance between luxury qualities and exceptional finishes that guarantee greater well-being. Underfloor heating, centralised air conditioning, large windows... Without forgetting the integration of the interior with the terraces, also worth mentioning:
Porcelain tile flooring
Porcelain stoneware bathrooms and kitchen
Metallic carpentry on the exterior, prepared for environmental conditions.

With an exceptional location, just a few minutes from Puerto Banús, east to Marbella and west to Estepona. Easy access to the most popular destinations on the Costa del Sol, with direct connection to the Mediterranean motorway. Access to essential amenities, including shops, restaurants, beaches and international schools (Atalaya, San José.)