This spectacular house in the privileged neighborhood of Torremuelle has spectacular views of the sea in a natural environment and a very quiet and exclusive neighborhood.
It offers 400 meters of plot in which the house is located, which consists of 260 square meters distributed over three floors.
It has a community pool to share with only 15 neighbors and its own parking space
The House:
The main floor has a spacious living room with an open kitchen of almost 80 square meters, where we can enjoy lots of light and views of the terrace and garden of the house itself. On this same floor we have a toilet and a very spacious laundry room for laundry.
Accessing the second floor we see three bedrooms, two of them currently used as children's rooms, which have a full bathroom with a bathtub for their use and enjoyment. The third room, the master bedroom, is very spacious and bright. In its more than 25 square meters we can enjoy a large built-in wardrobe, an open dressing room and a reading area near the balcony with a terrace in the same room. This room also has an en-suite bathroom, with a completely renovated bathtub and a very exquisite minimalist decoration.
Accessing the third and last floor we find the attic, converted into a very spacious bedroom and with a shower inside it, which gives it a modern and current touch. This spacious room has a storage area of ​​about 15 meters and a large terrace overlooking the pool.
The porch:
Right at the entrance of this fabulous house we have a storage space and an area where the current owners practice their favorite sport. This area of ​​approximately 27 square meters has a structure around storage with white PVC doors.
Corridor and terrace of the ground floor:
The exterior corridor has a garden area full of plants and trees that provide shade and freshness to the house. The outdoor terrace has large and comfortable sofas and a bar where you can enjoy a pleasant evening.
The garden and barbecue area:
Both the garden and the barbecue area complement this wonderful house, providing comfort and disconnection zones with wonderful frontal views of the sea. The barbecue area has a grill and a wood-burning oven that are brand new and an outdoor dining room to enjoy a spectacle of views and aromas from the natural environment where it is located.
In total, this house has more than 400 meters of plot full of comfort, beauty and charm.

In compliance with the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 2182005 of October 11, the client is informed that notary, registry, ITP, real estate brokerage expenses are not included in the price

In addition, this ad has infographics in order to guide potential buyers on the style of home staging (before and after a reform).
We have a team specialized in reforms to advise and provide budgets.