Because sometimes dreams come true, Mirador de Colinas del Limonar.
Beautiful villas of high quality, designed to enjoy a unique and natural environment in a privileged location in the heart of Málaga.
The villas are located in the urbanisation Colinas del Limonar, an area with all kinds of services within your reach, an exceptionally well-connected area next to the new roads connecting Camino de los Almendrales to the motorway or the roundabout at the junction of urbanisations El Mayorazgo and Pinos del Limonar, among other important connecting roads.
This allows access to any point in the city in just a few minutes. Nature, comfort and services in an exclusive and lively environment.
The development offers several housing choices that adapt to the needs of each client, with the possibility of choosing from a wide range of options.
A modern and functional project with 3 and 4-bedroom homes where the spacious terraces are the main protagonists. A design studied to meet the current needs of the market, with the main feature being the guarantee of comfort, well-being and quality in all finishes and details.
Moreover, you will have a team of professionals at your disposal to study any spatial changes you want to make.

The design of the houses at Mirador de Colinas del Limonar is modern, pure and minimalist. The straight and angular lines combine to form unique spaces characterised by swathes of light that diffuse pleasant light
Designed to make the most efficient use of natural light, the houses face south and have large windows that extend from floor to ceiling,
allowing us to bring together the living room with terrace, the garden and excellent sea views.
Each house will be an example of avant-garde and class.

Each house has an area of up to 360 m², with a large living room that acts as the backbone and heart of the house.
Spacious and distinct rooms, ensuite bedrooms, an impressive private terrace with direct exits from the living room and kitchen and a large private garden with
direct access to the pool offer us an architectural mix of volumes that adds personality and individuality to the home.

All material is based on information we consider reliable, but because third parties have provided this information, we cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. This offer is subject to errors, omissions and price changes or withdrawal without notice. Availability after agreement.
In accordance with the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 decree of 11 October, we inform you that the costs inherent to the sale are not included in the price. Brokerage fees are included. VAT 10% not included.
Contact us today for more information or for a viewing. Your dream home is waiting for you.