Panoramic Views.  Swimming Pool.  Complete Privacy.
This beautiful property has been loving maintained for decades by the same owner and is located in a serene area near Valtocado in Alta Vista Verde and close to Mijas Pueblo and just 40 mins to Malaga Airport.

Surrounded by mountains and nature, it is close to many walking tracks and has spectacular views out to the Mediterranean sea .  The plot is immaculate, with irrigated mature gardens and trees (with natural water system) that descend over many levels with a casita at the very top overlooking the villa with breathtaking panoramic views.

The drive up is slightly steep and unlevel but once inside the property through security gates there is an electric gated garage,  and a private oasis of calm that has many levels for entertaining, leisure and living.

GROUND FLOOR

An Entrance Foyer, opens to small L-shape kitchen and dining area to the left, with the living area straight ahead and stairs to the bedrooms & bathrooms.

Original features and tiles throughout the villa and full arch window doors surround the living and dining spaces that open to take advantage of the cooling breezes.   Lovely traditional shutters offer security and a natural cooling system in the summer.  Brick work runs along the living room wall and there is an open fire place.

The living area opens out onto a traditional covered casita terrace with inbuilt seating.

The pool area is stunning and has uninterrupted views out to sea, and is private and surrounded by nature.  There are electricity points to install a solar heater in the pump room


FIRST FLOOR

3 bedrooms & 2 bathrooms are on this level, in a simplistic design.
The master bedroom has a full ensuite bathroom.  And the other two rooms are large enough for double beds and have fitted wardrobes and shared a bathroom.


LOWER LEVEL

This lower level, is accessed from outside steps from the ground level and is perfect for a 4th bedroom or studio apartment.  It needs to be completely refurbished but there is bathroom space with water connections are available and there is electricity.  It is large enough for a double bedroom, ensuite and kitchenette.


OUTSIDE & GROUNDS

Ground level, above the garage, is a covered dining area with tables & chairs - close to the kitchen and perfect for entertaining in the mountains.

On the very top of the property, is a small covered Casita with bench to take in the breathtaking views.

In between, are levels of gardens and trees.  The plot is completely fenced and secured.



NOTES

There are no community fees.    There is a natural water source for irrigation.

All paperwork is legal and previous building work has the permits and licenses.

There is a boiler with piping already in place, so could be connected to Solar panels.

Some renovations could be considered, but it is ready to move in and live now.

There is a restaurant very close & bus stop.

The owner has the additional plot of land beside this Villa, approximate 700 sqm for sale also LISTED 160,000.  However can be negotiated with this property.
