FRONTLINE FIRSTLINE BEACHFRONT APARTMENT! INVESTMENT PROPERTY! ELVIRIA MARBELA

Spectacular location on the beach in Elviria, Marbella, ground floor apartment, with access to the pool area and direct access to the beach. 
Just 100m from the sea front and the best deal ever to find in Marbella !
This is a beachfront home within the Romana Playa complex in the prestigious Elviria urbanization in the Municipality of Marbella.

It consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, living room with kitchen and terrace, with an area of ​​103 square meters including a 30 square meter terrace.
The urbanization has several swimming pools and gardens with direct access to the beach, with a large number of parking spaces in its common areas and children's play area with community Wi-Fi.

The apartment has been renovated a few years ago and is in a good state of conservation, it has air conditioning installed, 
a fully equipped kitchen, built-in wardrobes, aluminum windows with blinds and awnings on the terrace.

The property needs a little update but with a little touch up here & there this will bring a strong return of investment.

There is a beach bar restaurant just outside the complex called El Laurel. Close by is the famous Nikki Beach and Don Carlos Hotel

Perfect as a holiday home, permanent home or as a holiday rental investment property!

LPO is available and holiday rentals are permitted. This complex is very popular with holiday rentals 

A viewing is highly recommended !


Ground Floor Apartment, Marbella, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 103 m², Terrace 30 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Town, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : South East, South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Access for people with reduced mobility, Restaurant On Site, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Open, Street, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Beachfront, Holiday Homes, Investment.
