Experience pure convenience at its best in La Cala with this apartment! 

The Location
This exquisite new apartment in La Cala de Mijas will place you in a desirable location, with convenient access to supermarkets, restaurants, bars, the beach, promenade, golf courses, the motorway, walks in hilly green areas and more. 
The excellent location eliminates the need for a car, as the centre of La Cala and all its offerings are within easy reach. Or why not take the lift down to the basement garage which has a parking space located directly below the apartment. From there you can take the car to make a nice day trip, or make longer stay-over trips to visit the fantastic towns, villages and beautiful sights that stretch along the coast with an easy access to the main road.

The Apartment
Step into this thoughtfully designed corner apartment located on the sunny side of the La Cala de Mijas valley. It is enhanced with state-of-the-art appliances and equipped with everything you could possibly need. The apartment has a comfortable dining area, living room and three spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms, one of which is ensuite to the master bedroom and both with windows that allow daylight to enter. This apartment ensures plenty of space for relaxation. Not to mention, the apartment has an expansive 25 m² terrace which is advantageously covered from the direct sun to be able to have a relaxing break in the lounge after a day out in the sunny surroundings.

This comfortable apartment is manufactured to the highest standards and includes unique features such as a Securitas Direct alarm system (optional separate subscription), hot and cold air conditioning incl. air purification system, certified security door, built-in USB sockets, a fully equipped kitchen with Bosch appliances and modern home automation. All windows have motorised shutters.
All incoming water to the apartment has its own quality water treatment from Ecofilters Costa del Sol.

The community

In addition to the upgraded interior, the community offers a host of facilities. Here you live in a community with a dedicated staff of community caretaker/concierge, gardener, lifeguard and board. Take advantage of the welcoming communal gardens, a refreshing dip in the pool, work out in the gym, unwind in the sauna, enjoy the jacuzzi and spa, or use the cosy social club. All your wishes for a relaxing life will be fulfilled in this exceptional accommodation.