
Spacious apartment recently completely renovated in a modern and minimalist style with 3 bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms with parking and storage room included. It is a second floor corner, with an elevator and 2 very large terraces.

Upon entering the apartment there is the large entrance hall, second bedroom on the left and third bedroom on the right next to which there is a storage room (with a door to close). The living room space is very large, square and bright, there is the open kitchen with an island (the kitchen is very large, it is more than 4 meters long and an island is almost 2 meters long), the living room area with a sofa bed in L, new smart TV, and the dining area with a large real marble table and 6 chairs. In this area there are 2 windows and 2 double sliding doors that lead to the L-shaped terrace, measuring 50 m2. On the terrace there is the barbecue, the outdoor table and chairs (there are more chairs in the storage room for a party or large visit if needed). Each room is exterior (has a window or sliding door to go out to the terrace), built-in wardrobe and hot and cold air conditioning (centralized throughout the apartment). The master bedroom has 2 built-in wardrobes and a brand new, minimalist style en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower. There is a new high quality double bed, with headboard and trundle. From the master bedroom there is access to the large south and west facing terrace. The second bathroom is very large, with a walk-in shower, suspended toilet, etc.
The apartment has high ceilings. In the main bedroom and in the second bedroom there is a blind. The kitchen is perfectly equipped, with all new appliances, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher, microwave, oven, Bosch induction hob, refrigerator, freezer, extractor fan, modern dishwasher, glasses, mugs, toaster, capsule coffee maker, etc. . The apartment has bedding for all beds and the sofa bed. The apartment is ready to move into.

It is located in Riviera del Sol, Mijas Costa (Málaga province), below the AP7 in a gated community, with cameras, 2 swimming pools and a paddle tennis court, the development is called Riviera Park and in front of the development there is a bus stop. bus, in 2-3 minutes walk you can reach the golf club with bar, restaurant and golf course. In 2-3 minutes by car you can reach the supermarket, ATM, Amazon lockers, restaurants, bars, gym, pharmacy, beach, taxi rank, etc. It is an area in constant growth, and at this moment Riviera del Sol is the most developed and desired area in Mijas Costa. Of the famous sites, the popular Max Beach restaurant and gym stands out, the Riviera 11 Sport Club sports complex with a modern 2-story gym, tennis and paddle tennis courts and a nightclub, David Bar, George bar, 24-hour Supercor supermarket, La Pala restaurant de Oro, dental clinics, veterinary clinics, beauty salons, hairdressers, etc. Riviera del Sol has it all. It is 5 minutes by car from the center of La Cala de Mijas, 12 minutes by car from Fuengirola and the Myramar shopping center and 5 minutes from Marbella East, 20 minutes from the center of Marbella (Ricardo Soriano).