PANORAMIC VIEW FRONTLINE GOLF GROUND FLOOR GARDEN APARTMENT……… Let us proudly present this stunning new build ground floor garden apartment in the highly sought after and award winning area of La Cala Golf. This exceptionally well built apartment boasts fabulous panoramic golf and mountain view's and comprises 2 very good size bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with the master bedroom been en-suite and of which has direct access to the terrace and garden. The second bedroom faces towards the back of the apartment. There is a huge bright and airy living room and a large open plan and fully fitted kitchen. Leading off from the living room you have a large south west facing tiled terrace and large garden which looks directly over the golf course. As the property is south west facing you are guaranteed all day sun and glorious sunsets over the mountains beyond La Cala Golf. The property is to be sold fully furnished as seen and comes with a private covered and secure parking space just a few steps from the entrance to the property. 

The complex itself is extremely well maintained and has the beauty of been a very low density building which comprises only 10 apartments. As there are 3 units on the ground floor, 3 on the first and second floor and 1 penthouse and been absolutely frontline to the golf course make's this block the most sought after in the area.

La Cala Golf is a very in demand location and will continue to be so indefinitely, there are 3 championship golf courses to choose from along with the fabulous La Cala Golf Resort Hotel And Spa which has a couple of restaurants and bars which are open to the public. There are tennis and pádel tennis courts within the resort area and also a gym which can be used by booking in advance. La Cala Golf is just an 8 minute drive to the trendy village of La Cala de Mijas which has an array of top quality bars and restaurants and an outstanding blue flag beach and and is only a 30 minute drive from Malaga international airport.

This property is a must see and will not be on the market for long so contact us today to arrange your viewing!