This townhouse next to the Marina beach of Casares is an excellent opportunity located in Casares Costa.

This super location is just 5 meter walk from the sandy beach and the popular beach bars. A short 5-minute walk along the promenade leads to the bustling coastal village of Sabinillas. Here, there is a wide selection of supermarkets, shops, tapas bars and restaurants. In addition, another 10 minutes on foot take you to marina of La Duquesa. Marina de Casares is a well-established development with enclosed gardens and a communal swimming pool. Marina de Casares townhouse is a spacious corner property with a private garden and has been carefully maintained by the current owner. The property includes an underground parking space and with direct access to the street.

An attractive entrance hall with storage space. This leads to the hallway with more storage and a guest bathroom. On the left is the large fully furnished and equipped kitchen. The steps lead to the large living and dining room. Again, being a corner property, it has a lot of natural light. Patio doors lead to the large private garden. This garden terrace is southwest facing, low maintenance and lots of sun. Here there is a fabulous area to put a barbecue and a great place for outdoor entertainment. In addition, there is direct access to the pool area.

The first floor of the house is on two levels with two guest bedrooms and a master bedroom, all double bedrooms and with fitted wardrobes. The master bedroom benefits from an en-suite bathroom, while there is also a family bathroom. One of the guest bedrooms has a sea view.

An additional staircase leads to the solarium. Access to the fabulous 30m2 terrace, which allows sun all day and views of the sea and the gardens. In addition, this roof terrace is extremely private and has a storage room.

The Marina de Casares area is an ideal place both for a family holiday and for a more permanent life.

In conclusion, this house is located in a super development and in an excellent location. It has easy access (flat) to the beach and an excellent rental potential as well.