PANORAMIC VIEWS ! SEA VIEWS ! FRONTLINE CALANOVA GOLF

This property has the best position in the complex. It enjoys spectacular panoramic views of the sea, golf and country, sunrises & moonrise, pictographic stunning!
One can also enjoy awesome  sunrises and full moonrise 

Its a quiet & safe complex just under 10 mins drive up to La Cala hills. The Calanova Golf club is located at this complex. It consist of a restaurant and a big golf store with variety of golf clothing and accessories.

The property is on the 1st floor has 2 bedrooms 2 baths one of which is a master bedroom ensuite. The kitchen is partially opened to the living and dining room that accesses a spacious terrace of 22sqm. 
The master bedroom accesses the terrace as well. There is a his & her closet in the main bedroom. Additional wall closets are available in the corridor to the bedrooms.

Marbled floors and marbled clad walls in both the baths.

The property comes with the garage & storage. It has a lift. The complex has 5 pools thats shared between the 10 blocks in the entire complex.

Just under 10 mins drive one can get to Riviera and Calahonda towns. Its a 20 minute drive into the town of Marbella & 35 mins drive to Malaga airport. 

If you are looking for quiet surroundings with views and yet not too far away from town, this is the perfect location.

This property is perfect as a permanent home, holiday home or an investment property for both long term and holiday rentals.

The price is reasonable. Viewing is highly recommended !

Setting : Urbanisation.
Orientation : East, South, South East
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Garden, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Utility Room, Marble Flooring.
Furniture : partially Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Underground, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Reduced, Resale.
