In the heart of Casares, this Cortijo is located on an extensive 12-hectare plot of land, offering an oasis of tranquility in a natural environment with views that will not leave you indifferent. The property is an exclusive property for those seeking to combine the comfort of a home built with attention to every detail and the privacy that life offers in this unique environment.



The main house, covering a generous area of ​​1,359 square meters, is a true architectural masterpiece.

With a spacious and elegant design, this residence features five oversized bedrooms, each with its own en-suite bathroom.

The kitchen is made up of a large open space with a dining area, which provides extra light to the room.

Each bedroom has an extraordinary design specifically designed for each room.

Every corner of the house has high quality materials, custom-made with care to give presence and personality to the home.



It has a generous main patio, Andalusian style, that connects with the main areas of the house, which provides natural light practically all day long to the main rooms.



Inside the house, we have an independent apartment that offers an ideal solution for visitors or service personnel.



The property has two magnificent swimming pools, one of them accessible from the main area of ​​the house and the other next to a completely independent second home within the land.

These pools located in this natural environment offer you the possibility of enjoying the warm summer days from another point of view.



For horse lovers, the farmhouse has eight top-quality stables, accompanied by a corridor specially designed for horse riding. This facility is ideal for horse riding enthusiasts and those running or wishing to run any horse related business as the facility has been carefully built for this purpose.



This 12 hectare farmhouse is strategically located near the Finca Cortesín de Golf in Casares.
It is interesting to mention for golf lovers that Finca Cortesín is recognized worldwide for offering one of the most unforgettable golf experiences in Europe. Classified among the best golf courses in Spain and thanks to the excellent climate of this area throughout the year, it offers a perfect setting for playing golf.