Presenting this Fabulous 2 bedroom Monte Halcones apartment that has been upgraded and redecorated to present an immaculate home which is ready for it's new owner to furnish.
This gorgeous apartment is very spacious with an interior build of 143 sqm. 
There is also a 3 bedroom apartment right next door that is owned by the same owner and is also available to purchase.
El Real de los Halcones Benahavis is a residential complex made up of only 35 luxurious brand new 2 and 3 bedroom apartments with fabulous panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea. It is located within the Monte Halcones urbanization, in the hills of Benahavis, Benahavis, on the Costa del Sol, southern Spain.
The south-west facing apartment in Benahavis comes with a large and secure underground parking space which is accessed via the elevator which arrives right outside the front door of the home. Opening the front door, a very welcoming and clean open space is the first impression, with the cleverly reformed kitchen space which has been opened up to integrate the living and dining areas with it in an American style. This allows for the maximum usability for families who wish to prepare food, eat and relax together. Further to this is the lovely private terrace. Here, doing and relaxation can be carried out with total privacy and views to the hills that roll down to the west coast of Marbella.
There are 2 bedrooms and each has it's own bathroom. The master bedroom is delightful. Bright and spacious enjoying the same views as the living area. It's large and well-appointed bathroom is elegant and functional and really does compliment the idea of a fully functioning master suite within this Monte Halcones apartment.
A wonderful well-built apartment in one of the best locations overlooking Marbella´s famous coastline.
This spacious and bright property has been redecorated and updated to bring it to it's original elegance. With a new open plan kitchen installed, the spacious living area is a wonderful space to enjoy whilst dining and relaxing.
Included is an underground secure parking space and storeroom.
Monte Halcones is an urbanization located 15 minutes from Puerto Banus, on the road that leads to Ronda. Its location and height provide spectacular views of this part of the Costa del Sol.