Large plot of land of just over 67.000m2 located 3km north of Alora (a 6 minute car drive) and 13km south of the famous Caminito del Rey and the Ardales Lakes (a 20 minute car drive). 
Álora is located in the Málaga province, about 40 minutes west from the city. 

The majority of the land has a gentle slope but there is a relatively flat piece of land located at the top of the plot. If offers stunning mountains views overlooking the Guadalhorce Valley. 

The main entrance to the plot is located approximate 500 meters from the main road, it's a solid dirt track with easy vehicle access. The whole plot is planted with approx. 600 mature olive trees. 

There is a private well on the plot (which requires a pump being installed) and electricity can be connected. 

There are several building options available under the current rules and regulations. One option would be to build either 2 dwellings (one of 92m2 and another of 34m2) or the other option would be to build a single dwelling of 126m2. 

Please contact us so we can provide you with additional information. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.