€ 349.000. Colorado Hills/ Elviria. 2 bedrooms/2.5 bathroom apartment  with spacious terrace!!
€ 349.000. Colorado Hills/ Elviria. 2 bedrooms/2.5 bathroom (corner) apartment (104m2) with spacious terrace (43m2)

Ask for the drone- and the interior video!

Layout apartment:
Hall with toilet and intercom.
Kitchen in separate room. Kitchen unit with combination oven/microwave, dishwasher, 4-burner stove, refrigerator and freezer, all Bosch appliances. Small utility room with washing machine.
Spacious living/dining room with wood-burning fireplace and sliding doors to the terrace.

The master bedroom, with sliding doors to the terrace, has an en-suite bathroom and fitted wardrobes. In the bathroom you will find a jacuzzi, walk-in shower, a washbasin furniture with 2 washbasins, a toilet and a bidet.
Bedroom 2, with its own balcony (2m2), also features an en-suite bathroom and fitted wardrobes. In the bathroom you will find a washbasin with sink, toilet, bidet and a bath with shower.

The apartment is heated/cooled with air conditioning. There is underfloor heating in both bathrooms. In addition to cosiness, the fireplace also provides a lot of warmth.

The spacious terrace (43m2) spans the entire width of the apartment and is oriented to the South/ West. The terrace is partly open and partly covered which has advantages in winter as well as in summer. There are beautiful views of the mountains, the pool, the garden and a modest sea view.

The apartment has its own parking space and a large storage room in the garage located under the building.

This apartment has a permit for long- and short-term rental.

Location and accessibility:
The apartment is located in a small, gated urbanization consisting of 8 blocks and 48 units with two swimming pools and a children's pool.
About half is permanent residence and the other half is for holiday accommodation. Rental is allowed.

Colorado Hills is located in a quiet location yet close to all amenities.
Centro Commercial Elviria, a commercial area with several bars, restaurants, shops, supermarkets, hairdresser and a bank, is only 6 minutes by car.
Elviria has great sandy beaches with chiringuito's: it is not without reason that the famous Nikki Beach has a branch here.
Marbella center 13 minutes, Puerto Banus 18 minutes and Malaga airport is 36 minutes.
