Frontline beach apartment within the naturist community of Costa Natura, right outside the town of Estepona. A beautiful white-washed pueblo-style community with its own beach, established as a nudist place since its beginning in the '80's. 
This apartment is located at the front of the community and enjoys direct views to the sea from the terrace and the apartment itself. It is the result of joining together 2 one-bedroom apartments, and hence it has two terraces of 10m2 each on either side of the property. Currently the apartment has one bedroom and one bathroom, however it is a small task to set up a wall to make another bedroom where it was previously. The apartment has a new very spacious kitchen, with an open plan aspect to the living room. It is an elevated ground floor apartment, accessed by a few steps from the walkways in the garden.

ABOUT COSTA NATURA:
The first official Naturist Resort in all of Spain. Costa Natura is now over 30 years old, with its established clientele of owners and guests.  It is Europe's friendliest family Naturist Resort and it is located in Andalucia the sunniest part of Spain. Costa, as it is affectionately known, is directly on Spain's first naturist beach and only 3 KM to the west of Estepona town centre, making it the most ideal naturist/nudist holiday resort.

The resort consists of over 190 apartments and studios, each with its own private terrace and character. The design of Costa Natura reflects the white mountain villages one can find all over southern Spain, which gives the resort its great charm. The beautiful, award winning gardens are filled with Mediterranean plants and palm trees with shrubs providing wonderful colour and scents around its ample sun bathing lawns and pathways.

The resort has a large 22 metre solar heated swimming pool plus a smaller children's pool. The onsite Brasserie restaurant and bar overlooks the pool and the Mediterranean Sea from its large sunny terraces. There is also a beach-front chiringuito serving drinks and snack meals which can be accessed from the resort or from the beach. A Jacuzzi, sauna and some traditional sports facilities can also be found in this wonderful naturist resort. The friendly reception staff offer advice on excursions and are on hand to help in case of need. they can also manage renting out your apartment if you wish.

The Costa Natura naturist resort welcomes families and couples and even provides children's entertainment in the peak season months. All in all, a wonderful naturist holiday location on the Costa del Sol, Andalucía, Spain.