BEAUTIFUL REFORMED 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT -CLOSE TO PUERTO BANUS
This spacious first floor apartment is in an unbeatable location in  the popular and highly sought after Los Naranjos de Marbella. It is very close  to all services, shops, bars restaurants supermarkets golf courses, public transport, public and private schools and is within easy walking distance to Puerto Banús,
The apartment which is  bright and airy has just been reformed to a good standard with a new fully fitted kitchen with quality appliances and granite countertops,2 new bathrooms with modern walk in showers. Upgraded electricity  and a brand new air-conditioning system. The property comprises a spacious living room open plan fitted kitchen, three double bedrooms, two full bathrooms (one en suite) and a lovely wrap around  terrace. 
The private and very well maintained urbanization has  Andalusian-style architecture, with beautiful Arabic-style fountains. It offers several community pools and beautiful garden areas,  Each block is secure with gated entrance and security cameras.
This is a lovely holiday home and unbeatable as an investment due to its high demand for residential rentals and  is offered  at a very competitive price for this popular and convenient location. Fully legal and with LPO  in place.

NUEVA ANDALUCIA
Nueva Andalucia is an attractive largely residential area just west of Marbella and just inland from the glittering Marina of Puerto Banus. Developments in the area  are based on traditional Andalusian architecture and design and sensible planning have ensured the area is not overbuilt or crowded. The bullring (now used for concerts) marks the entrance to Nueva Andalucia and the road climbs towards the mountains affording magnificent views of the coast. On a clear day, you can even see North Africa off in the distance. The area has something to offer everyone, sports enthusiasts can find tennis, paddle tennis, water sports in abundance and a gymnasium whilst golfers can enjoy several magnificent courses , including Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha Golf and La Quinta. All the Nueva Andalucia golf courses are surrounded by stunning scenery with a backdrop of mountains.
Nueva Andalucía is also fast becoming known for its international cuisine which ranges from an American deli to the ultimate in cordon bleu. It also boasts one of the most popular commercial centres in the area, Centro Plaza comprising quality shops, restaurants, bars and offices, as well as a supermarket, gymnasium and beauty parlour. There is also an excellent street market ("rastro") held next to the bullring here every Saturday morning.
The area is ideally placed for holidays or permanent living and is a convenient point from which to explore the many wonderful areas and amenities for which the Costa Del Sol is famous. The world renowned Marina of Puerto Banus is only minutes away and the lovely towns of Marbella,San Pedro and Benahavis less than 15 minutes' drive.
