4 BEDROOM APARTMENT IN DREAM GARDENS FOR SALE - NEW TO THE MARKET!

Contemporary, 4 bedroom, 3.5 bathroom elevated ground floor apartment in the exclusive Dream Gardens complex in central La Cala de Mijas within 5 minutes' walking distance to the beach.

Great opportunity for large families or friends - as we also have the next door 3 bedroom apartment for sale and these 2 fantastic properties can be bought separately or together - offering 7 bedrooms in total! 

The property has 4 bedrooms and 3 full bathrooms. All of the bathrooms have under floor heating and the separate laundry room includes a WC and sink.

The apartment has central A/C throughout the property.

There is a large, open plan, fully fitted kitchen with breakfast bar a large living area with dining table and the property boasts an absolutely huge wrap-around terrace of 150m2. You have sun all day on the terrace, due to the property being on the South West corner of the complex. All terrace windows are floor to ceiling, letting in loads of natural light throughout the whole property. All rooms have shutters/blinds.

The master bedroom has its own walk-in wardrobe area and in the en-suite bathroom you will find a large walk-in shower and a Jacuzzi bath.

The second of the four bedrooms also has an en-suite bathroom, whilst the third and fourth bedrooms share a bathroom. All 4 double bedrooms have plenty of wardrobe and storage space.

Dream Gardens complex consists of 5 blocks totalling only 38 properties.

The facilities available in Dream Gardens are extensive; there is a great swimming pool surrounded by sun beds and Balinese sun beds. There is also a bar and chill-out area.

Other facilities include Gymnasium, Indoor heated Swimming pool, Spa, Turkish bath and Sauna, Celebrations room and a wine cellar. T
This fabulous community is a completely secured and closed gated complex with security cameras.

The apartment has 2 underground parking spaces and a large storage room.

Viewings highly recommended!

