Wake up each morning to awe-inspiring sunrises in the East and after a sun and fun filled day, drift off to sleep each night with the tranquil sounds of the waves and benefit from a healthy breeze.

A rare opportunity for you to purchase this beautifully located seafront apartment with commanding panoramic views over the Mediterranean Sea and the Fuengirola Promenade. 

Description: Entering the building, there is a Communal Hallway with Stairs and two Lifts. From the Hallway there is direct access to the private parking, the vast green area and a very large swimming pool.
South-Westerly orientated and located on the 7th floor thus guaranteeing the sun and views, this corner apartment's accommodation comprises: open plan kitchen, utility room, bright and spacious lounge-dining room, 2 good sized bedrooms to the left from the lounge one with ensuite bathroom, 1 double bedroom with a shower room to the right from the lounge and a very large covered terrace to the front and side of the property. 

The apartment has undergone a complete modernization by the present owners installing new kitchen, bathrooms and windows with white aluminum frames, double glazing, shutters and mosquito nets.
This property has a unique panorama window in the west façade, allowing great views to Fuengirola, the port and to enjoy the afternoon sun. All bedrooms have built-in wardrobes and shutters, sunblind in the front and there is air-conditioning hot and cold.

In the basement there is a spacious, private locker/storage, a great solution for your golf bags, beach gear, bicycles etc.

You will love the location as it is on the quieter part of the seafront promenade, a level walk from an excellent range of shopping, entertainment and recreational facilities.
There are excellent communication links to Malaga by road, via the A7 and N340, buses and trains to Malaga Airport for Europe and beyond and Malaga City (every 20 minutes) easily accessible and quick.

Optionally, a private and locked, individual garage can be purchased.

The information given here is subject to errors and do not form a part of any contract. The offer can be changed or withdrawn without notice. Price does not include purchase costs.
