"LUXURY 3 BED, 3 BATH SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE IN EL PARAISO, WITH PRIVATE GARAGE AND ELEVATOR.  BEING SOLD FULLY FURNISHED.

One of the finest examples of a "turn key" property of its kind in the area, within this price range.  The property was originally constructed in 2008, but is in excellent condition and looks like it could have been built within the last 12 months.  The owners have maintained and furnished it beautifully, such that a new owner wouldn´t need to do any work whatsoever, other than perhaps to suit personal taste.   Constructed over 3 levels, with a large garage, easily capable of accommodating a large SUV vehicle, at street level and there is also a large en-suite bedroom on the ground floor, with lots of natural light.  The front door to the property is via a flight of stairs to the 1st floor and upon entering, there is a guest WC immediately to the right and the fully fitted kitchen on the left of the hallway, which leads to a spacious lounge/diner, also with lots of natural light, which in turn leads out to a large terrace with a South East orientation.  The terrace is very spacious and partially covered, with lots of space for sun loungers, plus a table and chairs, with lovely views of the swimming pool, La Concha Mountain and a slight sea view, from which there are steps down to a small private garden laid with artificial grass.  The 2 further en-suite bedrooms are on the 2nd floor, one of which is the master bedroom, with a spacious terrace for sun loungers and a table and chairs, from which there are even better views.  The master en-suite bathroom also has lovely mountain views from its window.  All of the bedrooms are large enough to accommodate super king size beds and have lots of wardrobe space.  There´s some extra storage space in the garage, which also contains a laundry area and a large hot water tank.  There is an integrated hot & cold air conditioning system, which is independent on the 1st and 2nd floors with the bedroom on the ground floor having its own an individual aircon unit.  There´s a working log burning fire place in the lounge and the owner has also installed electric radiators in some of the rooms.   Although the house is constructed over 3 levels, the property has an private elevator from the garage, which connects to the 1st and 2nd floor hallways.   

The community is gated, with only has 26 properties, so the community pool is rarely busy and in addition to the main pool, there´s also a kiddie pool and very conveniently located, for easy access to lots of local amenities, with one of the most popular restaurants in the area, Restaurante Ramos, only a few mins walk away.  There are also many championship golf courses within a few mins drive, such as El Paraiso, Atalaya Golf (2 courses), Guadalmina (2 courses) and Los Flamingos (3 courses).  Benahavis village is around 10 mins drive and The "Garden of Andalucia", Estepona and the world famous Puerto Banus are approx. 15 mins drive with the international airports at Gibraltar and Malaga each approx. 45 mins drive to the West and East of El Paraiso.  

There is an additional service fee for the private lift which is 84€ per month - paid directly to the service company. This service has a monthly ON/OFF option.

MUST BE SEEN TO BE FULLY APPRECIATED."

Semi-Detached House, El Paraiso, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 190 m², Terrace 46 m², Garden/Plot 18 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Luxury, Resale.
