2024--- Fuengirola center, Costa del Sol-  INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, 9 brand new apartments (completed in November 2023) A total of 21 bedrooms and 18 bathrooms) for sale as a package. 9 parking spaces included in the price. 

INVESTMENT opportunity to own several apartments in one residencial building to run your own holiday or long term rental business.

The newest residential city building in a pleasant & established central area of Fuengirola town. This new building comprising 37 modern 1 to 3 bedroom apartments is built across 5 floors with the bonus of a large underground parking .. A building license has been granted and the building is completed, we are now awaiting the first occupation license

Community fees are expected to be low.
Fully fitted kitchens
Pre installation of air conditioning,

Distribution for this specific package and price (other packages available)
6 - 2 bedroom apt
3 - 3 bedroom apt

Pre installation of air conditioning,

A FABULOUS LOCATION...

This development is well located in the heart of Fuengirola next to the bullring and the Bioparc (zoo). The water park is nearby and the area is further complemented by the convenience of a range of shops and restaurants. Within an easy ten minute walk you will find Fuengirola's golden beaches, it's wonderful promenade and interesting network of streets to explore. So, from day one you can immerse yourself in the vibrant, yet, laid back lifestyle and discover why Fuengirola is so popular with international visitors who enjoy the temperate climate and all that this prime area of coast has to offer. 

Fuengirola is conveniently situated on the Costa del Sol halfway between Malaga and Marbella. It has close proximity to Malaga airport which is serviced by a coastal train line to Fuengirola, bus routes and good road networks. 

Once a sleepy fishing village, Fuengirola has blossomed into one of the regions leading resorts with it's own marina and an array of local attractions including the prominent Sohail Castle, Bioparc and Mijas Aquapark. Fuengirola still retains Spanish charm with its array of stylish tapas bars, bodegas, and wide range of shops especially in the popular Plaza Constitucion (church square) area. The Miramar shopping center, on its outskirts, offers further shopping, cinemas and fast food dining experiences.  

The glamorous Marbella and Puerto Bands are just 20 minutes drive away. The nearest golf courses are Cerrado del Aguila, El Chaparral and Mijas Golf, although, there is a plethora of alternative championship courses with a 10 minute drive.

It is easy to see how Fuengirola has become a favorite destination with its easy access, golden beaches, marina and Paseo Maritime offering a range of chiringuitos (beach restaurants and casual dining) where either a leisurely lunch or an evening meal at sunset can be enjoyed. Fuengirola will not disappoint.