STUNNING BRAND NEW 3 BEDROOM PENTHOUSE WITH PRIVATE POOL - CABOPINO
This is a superb opportunity to own a brand new -  Penthouse apartment with its own private pool in a privileged and highly sought after location with very large outdoor spaces and spectacular panoramic sea views  
The bright spacious duplex apartment has been finished in high quality materials and designed in a contemporary style with open plan living, generous living space and huge window flooding the apartment with light. The property comprises a large open plan living room. a luxury kitchen fully fitted with high end appliances and quartz countertops, and 3 spacious bedrooms all with luxury en-suite bathrooms. There are extensive covered and open terraces and a private infinity pool. The apartment has 2 parking spaces and a storage room.
The property is in Artola Homes II .A low density residential complex of only  56 homes distributed in low-rise blocks built on two adjacent plots, The original and innovative design is perfectly integrated into an exceptional natural environment. Set in secure gardens with 3 impressive community pools. 1 heated indoor pool, private gyms in both areas, views of the golf course and stunning sea views.
It has an idyllic location next to the Cabopino golf course in Marbella. A short distance from the privileged and protected dunes and the Cabopino marina.
CABOPINO
Cabopino is a lovely little Marina situated 10 km east of Marbella It is a much smaller port than Benalmadena or Puerto Banus and has its own truly Mediterranean style. Easy to miss because it is not visible from the road, but a real gem with some very good restaurants and bars, as well as a beautiful beach and a golf course. Cabopino is a quiet and relaxing area but with easy access to the livelier resorts of Calahonda in the east and Marbella in the west via a new pretty beachfront promenade. Just 15 minutes away is the vibrant and sophisticated city of Marbella, with everything you can imagine to enjoy the authentic Mediterranean lifestyle.