We present a beautiful townhouse with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 1 toilet in the prestigious community of Valle Verde in Mijas Golf. This exceptional property offers idyllic views of Los Lagos Golf Course and the mountains.
This townhouse has an attractive south orientation, allowing residents to relax in the sun from the comfort of their private terrace.

Upon entering the property we find a hall that leads to a spacious living room with fireplace. The living room leads to a generous terrace with garden furniture, ideal for alfresco dining and relaxing.
The entrance level also features a large independent kitchen, a storage room, space to store the washer and dryer and a guest toilet.
Going up to the upper floor we find two well equipped bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and two bathrooms, of which the master bedroom has an en suite bathroom. In addition, the master bedroom has a covered terrace on the top floor, where you can relax and enjoy the surroundings.
Community parking is available, ensuring hassle-free access for residents and their guests.
The community is very well managed and prides itself on maintaining beautiful fountains and common areas, including an attractive pool.
Mijas Golf is a beautiful area known for its beautiful golf courses and picturesque surroundings. Located just 4km from the sandy beaches of Fuengirola, you have easy access to this lively seaside town known for its lively promenade, diverse dining options and lively atmosphere. In addition, the popular village of La Cala de Mijas is approximately 15 minutes away by car. This charming seaside town offers a more relaxed and traditional Spanish vibe, with its quaint streets, authentic restaurants and beautiful beaches.
The property is conveniently located near a bus stop, providing easy access to the surrounding area and nearby attractions.

Townhouse, Mijas Golf, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 95 m², Terrace 15 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Ensuite Bathroom, Wood Flooring, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Parking : Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Bargain, Golf, Holiday Homes.
