Bright and spacious luxury Monte Halcones 3 bedroom apartment.
This beautiful home overlooking the coast of Marbella is a corner unit ensuring much privacy and peace. Located in the highly sought-after area of Monte Halcones, this is a superb solution for anyone looking for a key-ready Marbella home which benefits from convenience, whilst also providing a really lovely place to live. 
This Benahavis apartment is located in the prestigious complex known as El Real de Monte Halcones. Built in 2005, these apartments were designed with high ceilings and generosity of space. This 3 bedroom property in Monte Halcones commands an elevated position with south-west orientation overlooking the coast below. With secure underground parking, convenience is key, with an elevator which rises up to open right outside the front door. Entering this home one is immediately struck by the elegance and comfort within this 3 bedroom apartment. Beautiful polished marble floors give a sumptuous base upon which the elegant furniture sits. To the left of the front door the kitchen is located, with plenty of granite worktop space and multiple wooden cupboards, making it perfect for clean and tidy food preparation. 
From here the open plan living and dining room leads to the terrace outside. The dining area has a table with 6 chairs and a lovely sideboard. The furnishings all suitable for this spacious apartment. A fully-functioning open fireplace gives that extra comfort and elegance as well as providing superb options for cozy winter evenings. 
From the living space a hallway leads to the sleeping quarters. To the left and to the right of the hallway are found bright bedrooms each with it´s own ensuite bathroom, and each affording plenty of privacy. Carry on through to the end of the hallway and the master bedroom is reached. Beautifully spacious, wonderfully luminous and excellently furnished, with a large and comfortable double bed, made up with brand new high quality cottons sheets......ready for it´s new owners to lie down and enjoy their first night in their new home.
The luxury Benahavis apartment has been carefully updated and decorated to ensure that it´s generous interior is bright and classic, providing a perfect canvas for it´s new owner. Located in the prestigious complex El Real de Monte Halcones, built on gently sloping hills, this lovely home gives easy access to Marbella, whilst ensuring a peaceful ambience in the surroundings. the 3 bedroom apartment is furnished and key-ready, and includes brand new high-quality luxury Egyptian-cotton bed linen on all of the beds, and plush cotton towels in the bathrooms.
Ready for you to enjoy!

