Unique, large and stylish Cortijo of 856m2 with a 7.000m2 plot, just outside of Coin in a beautiful location with open views.

Approached via a short and well maintained campo road of river stone with a private bridge over the Rio Grande. From the gates there is a long driveway to the Cortijo. The Finca has two gated entrances and a lemon tree lined drive to the house. The accommodation is over two floors, the more recent part of the dwelling comprises a very large and airy living room with a large wood burning stove and air conditioning with three double access doors to the covered terrace and pool via the decking stairs. A wooden deck encircles the property, providing two ample seating areas for al fresco dining/ entertaining, relaxing or sunbathing. There is a generous kitchen, installed in 2021 with solid wood units and oak worktops. A brick-built island houses a built in gas oven and hob. The dishwasher is built in and there is a free-standing fridge freezer. There is also a breakfast bar area. Steps lead to the dining room featuring a sliding glass wall allowing access to the internal courtyard. From the dining room there is an ample cloakroom with toilet, pedestal basin and hanging space for coats and shoe rack. There is a Study/ Reception Room/ Music Room/ Gym (the room has been used for all of these purposes by the owners). On the upper level there is a large master suite with a private terrace offering stunning countryside views to the Rio Grande river below. There is a large bathroom en suite.

On this level there is further double bedroom with bathroom ensuite. The traditional courtyard features seating areas with a utility area below the staircase. The older part of the dwelling has been completely renovated and refurbished by the current owners to a very high standard with great attention to detail. Within this part of the property there are three ensuite bedrooms, a dressing room with storage room above and a central snug room with library and open fireplace.

The dwelling is surrounded by terraced gardens. There is a workshop and store in independent buildings on the plot. There is a large swimming pool of 102m2 which is 1.7m deep. This has been refurbished and repainted this year (2023), surrounded by terraces, a pool area and built BBQ area.

In summary:
856m2 built Cortijo with 701m2 usable floor space.
5 ensuite double bedrooms.
1 cloakroom/ WC
Large kitchen
Dining room
Large Lounge
Internal Courtyard
Lobby/ Reception/ Gym/ Music room (multi use)
2 large South facing terraces (one covered).
Walk in the wardrobe with the store room above.
Gas central heating in modern part of the house, wood burning stoves and fireplaces.
6.000 ltr water deposit, from own well (direct from Rio Grande).
7.000m2 irrigated plot
102m2 swimming pool
BBQ
Covered Pool Area with seating
Fully fenced plot which is also sub-divided
Large wooden deck.
Excellent Internet connection.