LOVELY AND VERY SPACIOUS APARTMENT FOR SALE in Casares playa on the Costa del Sol. Consist of 2-bedroom, 2 bathrooms.
Fully fitted kitchen, laundry area, a 40 m2 lounge living room, and a good size 25 m2 covered terrace closed with glass curtains to enjoy the sun in the winter time with south views to the 90 m2 private garden and mountain.
This complex is situated in a security gated community with different swimming pools, mature gardens, a golf club, spa, gym, restaurant, and 24 hours security. The nearest beach is called La Sal at 800 meters.
Underground parking and storage room included in the price.

If you like to play golf, the membership has a very affordable price.
There are several golf courses, Casares Golf, Finca Cortesin, and Dona Julia Golf Course within 10 minutes by car. 
Sotogrande Marina and the port of La Duquesa are 2-3 km away.
You will find Gibraltar just 30 minutes by car and Malaga airport/ train station is just 1 hour by car.

A visit to this property is highly recommended.
Don't hesitate to contact us!


Ground Floor Apartment, Casares Playa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 138 m², Terrace 25 m², Garden/Plot 90 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina.
Orientation : East, South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Central Heating.
Views : Mountain, Country, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Near Church, Handicap access.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Gas.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
