Welcome to this grand and imposing traditional detached villa in Estepona, located in the beautiful Costa del Sol. This exceptional property offers 5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, and a generous total area of 324 square meters.

Situated in a sought-after location of Don Pedro this villa is conveniently close to various amenities such supermarkets, pharmacy, restaurants and just a 5 min walk to the beach and 30 minute walk or 5 min drive into the port of Estepona. 

The villa boasts a desirable south-west orientation, allowing for ample natural light throughout the day. It is in excellent condition and has recently undergone refurbishment to ensure it meets the highest standards of quality and comfort.

One of the highlights of this property is the private heated pool, perfect for enjoying a refreshing swim or simply lounging by the water's edge. The garden surrounding the villa offers a tranquil retreat with lush greenery and has a great vegetable growing area and large garden shed, lots of terraces to sit out and enjoy the Spanish sun and a great bbq area.

Inside you enter into a large central hallway with double height ceiling and all rooms lead from here. There is the main sitting room with fireplace, dining room with tv snug and the 5th bedroom is also on the ground level and currently used as an office. The fully fitted kitchen is equipped with modern appliances and provides ample space with its centre island, pantry and laundry room with lots of storage. 

This property also incorporates sustainable elements such as photovoltaic solar panels and solar water heating systems, reducing energy consumption while minimizing environmental impact.

Investment opportunities are abundant with this luxurious resale property. Don Pedro Estepona offers a truly remarkable living experience that combines elegance, comfort, and practicality. Don't miss out on this exceptional opportunity to own a piece of paradise in Estepona.


Detached Villa, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 324 m², Terrace 75 m², Garden/Plot 1085 m².

Setting : Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Photovoltaic solar panels, Solar water heating.
Category : Investment, Luxury, Resale.
