Introducing this stunning south-facing villa with spectacular sea views, located in Hacienda Guadalupe, Manilva. The property is built on a generous plot of 1,200m² and boasts a beautifully landscaped garden and a private pool.  If you are looking to enjoy the Mediterranean lifestyle and warm evenings, then this is the villa for you.  

The villa is distributed over two floors.  Whilst, at present, it has two large spacious bedrooms and two bathrooms, there is another room that leads out to the pool and private garden which would make a fabulous third-bedroom suite, private home office, granny flat, or art studio - the possibilities are limitless.   This is ideal for guests and could also pose a great investment opportunity for someone looking to set up an Airbnb. As the room is on ground level, there is lots of natural light, and there is the possibility to have patio doors leading right out to the lush garden and a good-sized pool.  

On the first floor (entry-level), you have the main living area including a spacious lounge/diner, two bedrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, and a terrace.  There are stairs leading down from the terrace to the pool, private garden, large outdoor BBQ area, and further room.

The Villa has a lovely entrance - you walk through a small courtyard to get to the front door. As you go through the main door of the villa you come to a beautifully presented lounge/diner with a lovely fireplace and floor-to-ceiling balcony doors leading out to a private terrace.  From here you are in an elevated position, able to soak in the sea, garden, and mountain views, whilst relaxing and enjoying a glass of wine.  This is a very special spot - sit out on your private covered terrace and enjoy a lovely breakfast at the start of the day - such a tonic! Or sit here by the moonlight and look across the garden to the romantically 'lit up' pool.  There are stairs leading from this terrace down to the pool and garden area.

To the left of the lounge are the bedrooms.  There are two large double bedrooms and two bathrooms.  Both bathrooms are newly refurbished and modern. The main bedroom has an ensuite bathroom.  Both bedrooms have fitted wardrobes, and stunning views over the pool, and garden, and across to the sea. 

To the right of the lounge, there is a fully fitted kitchen with a breakfast bar.  There is also a kitchen door leading out to the main entrance.  This is super handy - you can enter straight to the kitchen with shopping.

The plot that this Villa is built on is stunning - the gardens are mature and so well maintained.  On the garden level, there is a lovely room and a large covered BBQ area, ideal for outdoor cooking and entertaining.  Just dine al fresco and read a book while you chill out by the pool.  Such a fabulous, relaxing environment.

This villa is equipped with a range of great features, including air conditioning, a working fireplace, an alarm system, and carport.

The location of this villa is ideal, with amenities nearby. It is close to shops, schools, and the fabulous Marina de la Duquesa. The property is also conveniently located close to the blue flag beaches of Casares and Manilva and a number of golf courses.  You can take a stroll down to the beach across the footbridge.  There is a lovely promenade from here all the way to Duquesa and beyond to Sabinillas and Casares Costa.  There are numerous beach bars and restaurants along the way.   This villa is a true gem.

If you wnat to travel further afield, Estepona with its Old Town and vibrant atmosphere is only a 15 minute drive away and the Marina of Sotogrande is only a 10-minute drive away.  Access from overseas is excellent - you are an hour away from Málaga airport, 30 minutes from Gibraltar airport and just over an hour away form Jerez airport.

This Andalucian-style villa offers a spacious and comfortable living space, perfect for those seeking a family home in a sought-after, residential location.  

Don't miss the opportunity to own this exceptional property. Contact us today to arrange a viewing.

Come View with Me!