FRONTLINE BEACH TOWNHOUSE, is located in an incredibly quiet area of La Duquesa, Manilva, Costa del Sol. A few steps from the golf course, country club, Puerto de la Duquesa, and San Luis de Sabinillas town. With lovely  beach views to the south and southeast. This property consists of 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 toilet, a fully equipped new kitchen, good size living with access to a 12m2 terrace with lovely beach views. A spiral staircase takes you to a 30 m2 solarium where you can enjoy wonderful dinners with panoramic views of the sea. 

The community offers many extras, swimming pool, a paddle tennis court, a basketball court, easy parking area for the owners, and low community costs.
Located halfway between the city of Estepona and the popular Puerto de La Duquesa, 5 minutes by car from both places, where you will find all kinds of services and leisure areas. If you prefer to walk to the Duquesa Port you will find it just a 20 minute walk along the path called Sendero del litoral, along the entire coast in both directions, very good for walking, cycling or running, this path is connected to the port of La Duquesa, San Luis de Sabinillas, Costa de Casares and Estepona.


Townhouse, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 64 m², Terrace 45 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Beach, Garden, Pool, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Paddle Tennis, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Restaurant On Site, Near Church, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Beachfront, Cheap, Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
