EXCLUSIVE COUNTRY HOUSE, FULLY SELF SUFFICIENT, GAUCIN

A unique country house, located in a lush natural environment, green perennial surroundings and wide open horizons as far as the eye can see.

Unique for its aesthetic, which reminds of a Tuscany villa and it is designed to enjoy family life, with ample spaces full of air where inddor and outdoor living blend together, where the protagonists are the light and landscape.

And unique because of its modernity and energetic self-sufficiency, an specially comfortable house where one can live anytime of the year, under-floor heating all throughout, air conditioning,… all these commodities are sustained by a large solar panels installation of over 56 sqm (strategically located so they are not seen from anywhere), an extensive 24KW solar installation, two 10kw convertors, and 20KW battery, plus car charging connection.  Additionally, the property has its own water supply from a well, it is an area with a lot of water, the river passes very close by, where one could go and bathe in the summertime.

The house was built in 2000, and it is South oriented. There are 7 bedrooms with their own bathroom, and several multipurpose spaces (study, workshop, library,…) Surrounded by ample and lush gardens, a large lawn, and a lovely pool area with ample sunbathing terraces and an ice bath for the brave under us. In addition, at the back of the house, is a large vegetable garden and a chicken pen.
A private drive, bordered by cypresses, leads up to the house with ample parking. The main door opens to a light entrance hall, giving way to the living room with large glass doors. Connected is the generous covered terrace, which becomes the living in summertime. A separate dining room is connected to the fully fitted German SieMatic kitchen, and pantry with three fridges, and a freezer. Kitchen and dining open up towards an East facing terrace with outdoor kitchen facilities. The views toward the Sierra Crestellina are breathtaking from here. On the other ground, floor wing is a library or TV room. Fully fitted with shelving for the books. Also, an ample guest bedroom with fireplace, built-in wardrobes, and en-suite bathroom. This bedroom opens up to the garden.
On the first floor is a spacious landing that could be used as an additional sitting room or painting studio. The large master suite with slanted ceiling. It has a walk-in dressing room with a skylight and an en-suite bathroom. The windows look out over the gardens and the abundance of flowers overgrowing the covered terrace on the ground floor. The master suite connects to another bedroom with a bathroom. This can be used as an annex to the main, yet is also accessible from the landing to use as an independent bedroom. Furthermore on this floor a large office (or extra bedroom) with built-in shelving and on the other side of the landing, 2 more en-suite bedrooms.
The lower garden level, with over 300m2 build size, comprises the laundry room, a large workshop/studio, a bodega, a storage room, and a machine room. On the East side is a staff apartment with a living kitchen, bedroom, bathroom, and private terrace and garden. Plus another large guest suite with a bathroom and kitchenette also opens up to the garden.
Features of this luxury country house for sale in Andalusia include the outdoor swimming pool, three fireplaces, automatic irrigation in the gardens, parquet and travertine flooring, double-glazed windows, and a BBQ area. Portuguese decorative tiles. Extensive areas are set up for a kitchen-ready vegetable garden. Water through a private well.
This exclusive property is located just 15 minutes from Gaucin, 30 minutes from the beach, 45 minutes from Marbella and Sotogrande, and 1.5 hours to Málaga International Airport.