A short distance from the Spanish village of Alora, we offer this lovely property on a plot of 15,502 M2, with fantastic views of Alora. 
This property, a very short distance from Alora, is located on a paved road and the land is mostly flat. Due to the natural elevated position of the plot in relation to the road, there is a lot of privacy. A short distance from the house is a bus stop with a direct connection to the train station and the city of Malaga.
In recent years, the house has been completely renovated, including new wiring, new plumbing, new sewers and a new swimming pool. It is tastefully decorated throughout and is in good condition.
It has become a spacious comfortable villa that, besides private use, also has the possibility to turn it into a B&B or rent out holiday flats. The flat land has its own access and can also be used to place alternative accommodation, such as a Tiny house.
This villa comprises an open-plan lounge-dining room with fireplace. A fully fitted kitchen with walk-in pantry, solid oak cabinets and marble worktops. A beautiful bathroom with cobbled floor and large walk-in shower. 
There are three double bedrooms, one of which is currently converted into a ladies' dressing room. In addition and a real feature of the house is the master bedroom suite of over 36 square metres. With a bath on legs, a wood-burning stove and its own shower room.

Outside is a patio where an outdoor kitchen has been built and this patio also gives access to a laundry room and a toilet room.  A pleasant open space that can be used for various purposes. From here there is a roof terrace of more than 35M2 above, with 360-degree views over the city, castle and countryside.
There is a separate building currently used for entertainment with a bar, pool table, wood-burning stove/pizza oven. 
There is another building used as a dog kennel and for storage. Each of these buildings could easily be converted into self-contained flats or B&B rooms.

The beautiful 5 x 10 m swimming pool has recently received a new filter and pump and has a fantastic position in the garden. There are several lovely spots to enjoy the sun and the views.
The land is relatively flat and there is a licence (OCA) to keep 5 horses. The land is fenced and there are several small animal enclosures that will be left behind!
The swimming pool is a lovely place to relax and enjoy the beautiful views and spectacular sunsets. With an outdoor bar, dining area, cactus garden and poolside solarium. It is fully lit and a new pump and filter have recently been installed. 
The property sits on just over 15000m making it a very private and tranquil spot. 
A beautiful property offered in first-class condition.

