Step into this exceptional apartment and experience the spectacular view of the sparkling sea. Here you have the chance to own an exclusive and newly built residence by the sea, which is not only a place to live, but also an investment with endless possibilities.
This residence is part of an exclusive beachfront complex that offers an extensive range of sports facilities, including a gym, paddle tennis, indoor and outdoor swimming pools and a spa. You can enjoy an active lifestyle and at the same time create peace and quiet in peaceful surroundings.
The apartment is tastefully furnished with care and attention to every detail. It offers an open floor plan with generous living areas, including a spacious living room with direct access to an expansive terrace that opens up to the sea view and the morning sun.
The kitchen, equipped by Gunni & Trentino with modern Gaggenau appliances, is a cooking enthusiast's dream.
The home has three spacious bedrooms, all with generous wardrobes. The master bedroom has an en-suite bathroom with shower and a walk-in closet.
The two other bedrooms share an elegant bathroom with a bathtub. All bedrooms have access to the private garden which also offers a fantastic sea view and west facing with evening sun.
What really distinguishes this apartment is its harmonious integration with the surrounding nature and its unique design. The distinguished architect Rafael de La-Hoz has created an atmosphere where no visual obstacles disturb the fantastic sea view. The light flows freely through the panoramic windows and provides uninterrupted contact with the scenic surroundings.
The location is perfect with proximity to golf courses, shopping areas, the beach and the new hospital. Here you have everything within easy reach, making this the ideal home for both relaxation and as a base for your adventures.
The association has direct access to the beach and blends naturally into the Mediterranean environment, and with 24-hour security, the area is both safe and provides peace of mind.
If you are interested in this outstanding residence, do not hesitate to contact us. We look forward to offering you a private viewing and letting you experience all this wonderful home has to offer.
Welcome to your dream by the sea.