Panoramic sea views located in the exclusive and iconic urbanization of Castillo San Luis, situated next to the sea and all services in Torremolinos.

This huge and luxurious apartment benefits from 234 msq and is unique in style, sophistication with no expense spared in it´s superb reformation and interior design.  

 It has a privileged location, just 100 metres from the Carihuela beach and 5 minutes walk from the centre of Torremolinos, it is worth noting that from the promenade of Carihuela you can reach Benalmadena and the port and coastline is clearly visible from this beautiful apartment. This property combines luxury and comfort with privileged sea views and the quality of life that Torremolinos offers, lively and fun throughout the entire year. It has a wide range of hotels and is only 12 minutes from Malaga airport. Castillo San Luis is around a 5 minute walk from the Torremolinos train station facilitating a wealth of travel possibilities. 

The property is also sold with 2 large underground parking spaces and 2 large storage rooms, each of 13 msq,  directly behind the two large parking spaces. 
The emblematic building of Castillo San Luis, is surrounded by beautifully maintained tropical gardens, an impressive pool, ornamental fish ponds and fountains. 
This prestigious development also benefits from glass elevators, security cameras and full time concierge staff.
From the moment you enter this spectacular apartment you are engulfed in luxury and sophistication. The entire apartment is illuminated by LED lighting and has a visual door intercom. The front door has a special security locking system.  The inline Saxun blinds for the windows combine functionality and style, allowing complete blackout without light bleed. 

The hot and cold air conditioning system has 3 separate control zones, one for the main living area and the other two for each wing of this impressive apartment. One covering a master suite and the other covering another master suite and guest bedroom. 
The apartment has been decorated in light colours with features of sophisticated wall coverings imported from France.

 The remodelling of this impressive apartment was cleverly carried out, integrating terraces to the two master bedroom suites. The master bedrooms are ingeniously distributed on either side of the apartment´s living room giving total privacy and space. Both master bedroom suites have ample living area for relaxation both inside and outside benefitting from their own personal en suite bathrooms and terraces. One of the master suites communicates with the front terrace that has breathtaking sea, coastal and garden views and a 19th century marble fountain that romances your moments of relaxation. The terrace has beautiful arches with climbing roses framing the panoramic views. 
The other master bedroom suite has its own dressing area and bathroom suite with terraces overlooking the vibrant town of Torremolinos. The garden planters have been carefully designed with tropical plants and flowers completing the air of tranquillity and sophistication.  
All bedrooms have hotel style light switching systems.
All closets within this apartment are light activated when opening the doors.

All three bathroom suites have large walk in showers with embedded taps systems in brushed gold and in wash concealed system toilets. They benefit from under floor heating and heated towel rails. 
Clever design has incorporated a small room for laundry and electrical equipment to include internet supplies, printers etc.  

 This huge and spectacular apartment is filled with light from the abundant windows and bifold doors leading from the elegant living room. This room has the added benefit of an electrical fire operated manually or via remote control. 

The open plan living room encourages a Mediterranean lifestyle and the functional and stylish kitchen supports top of the range AEG appliances. It has hidden oven and in built coffee machine and two professional wine coolers with special temperature control for storage of red, white, rose wines and champagne. It has a full drinking water system giving pure water from the tap. The hob has an integrated BORA extractor that offers efficiency, innovation and style.  The display cabinetry is backed by antique mirroring softening the rear wall and creating a beautiful ambience.

The spectacular terrace, can be enjoyed day and night with panoramic sea, coastal and garden views. It has bespoke wind activated electrical awnings to shield from sun and wind when required and the terrace has indirect illumination for evening enjoyment. 
The garden planters in all terraces have a variety of plants and flowers watered by their won irrigation systems. 

This apartment has to be seen to be appreciated and is truly unique in it´s attention to detail in every area of this impressive 3 bedroom 3 bathroom 234msq apartment in one of the most exclusive developments within Torremolinos with all amenities within a very short walk. 
Total msq on cadastral is 316 msq 

3D walk through on link, video link herewith https://youtu.be/_x5hplTtXi4?si=9IU4q3k8H0h87kxf
