YOUR DREAM IS TO LIVE IN THE BEST LOCATION IN FUENGIROLA WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE SEA, HERE IS YOUR HOME!

We present this wonderful penthouse apartment in the privileged central area of ​​Fuengirola, with 2 bedrooms (originally 3 bedrooms), which is located on the top floor of a building located a few meters from the area's seafront promenade, where there are Only two floors occupy the floor, which will give you privacy and tranquility, and you will not have neighbors on the upper floors. Building in the exclusive and sought-after downtown area with incredible views of the sea and 100 meters from the beach!

This incredible home of about 110m2 with panoramic views of the city and the Mediterranean, is distributed in an entrance hall, a small corner that the owner uses as an office within a large living-dining room with a window to enjoy the Sun for much of the day. day and unbeatable views, with access to a spacious and bright kitchen with large windows, and a laundry room-toilet. But the attraction of the house is the large terrace that surrounds the house, with cozy furniture where you can enjoy long sunsets on the Costa del Sol 365 days a year, and end the day with a well-deserved rest in a sauna located on the same terrace. .

 Highlight the possibilities that the property allows in an unbeatable location. Center and sea. Quite a luxury, right?

Malaga airport is just 15 minutes away by car. We located the beach area just 5 minutes away on foot.

The property is fully prepared both for summer tourism, with high profitability, and for life during the year, since we can find all the necessary services in the surroundings of the house, such as a medical center, supermarkets, restaurants and cafes or areas sports.

The possibilities of this home, due to its location and connections, are very high, do not miss this opportunity!

Request a visit and I will be happy to guide you for free throughout the purchasing process.

If you want to live in a dream place and not miss this OPPORTUNITY, do not hesitate to call us without obligation! We will be happy to assist you.

