This fabulous south facing 4 bedroom villa with absolutely breathtaking sea views and on clear days Gibraltar and the mountains of Morocco can be admired.  Set within beautiful gardens, with a private pool and BBQ/kitchen area.  The villa comes fully furnished and includes a private garage.  From the garden roof terrace you can relax while taking in the 360 views of the surrounding landscape, mountain side, sea and beaches with Gibraltar and North Africa in the background.   

Located in the quiet urbanisation of San Diego, which provides a feeling of peace and tranquillity yet only a short distance from Sotogrande marina and Manilva where you will find a wide variety of local and international restaurants and bars.  San Diego is ideally located providing plenty of choice, for sport enthusiasts there are nearby golf courses, polo, sailing and tennis clubs and a wide range of nearby beaches or within a short drive you can explore some of the surrounding towns.  

As you enter the secure gated entrance you are standing in a lovely tiled patio that circles the outside of the villa.  Looking at the villa you see lovely glass archways and as you enter through the patio door you start to appreciate the well presented sun lounge where you can sit and relax all year round.  To your right is a closed door that gives access to the garage.  

Leaving the sun lounge you enter the kitchen.  The fully fitted modern newly installed kitchen is generous in size with plenty of work surface, cupboards and desirable mod-cons with a central island.  There are plenty of windows round the sink area providing natural light.  The well designed kitchen demonstrates good planning of workflow and lighting.      

The wall has been removed from the kitchen to the dining and lounge area creating one large open plan living area.  This is such a clever design as from the kitchen you are drawn to the layers of view, through the lounge floor to ceiling patio doors, beyond the closed terrace, into the garden and swimming pool with Gibraltar and the mountains of Morocco being the focal point in the distance - truly breathtaking. 

The generous sized open plan room has been divided into a dining area and lounge.  The dining table comfortably seats 8 people while the lounge has a large L-Shaped sofa and also benefits from a log burner for the winter months.  This room is bright and airy with the natural light emanating from the 2 large windows in the dining area and the floor to ceiling sliding patio doors that lead to the closed terrace.  

The generous sized closed terrace has storage cupboards on the left and a comfy seating area on the right with a storage chest.  The terrace benefits from glass curtains that run the length of the dining / lounge allowing for all year round use and views.  This is such a great space and lovely peaceful setting for al fresco dining, entertaining or simply relaxing soaking in the mediterranean lifestyle.  The terrace overlooks the beautiful garden, swimming pool, BBQ/Kitchen area with storage room and the sea with views of Gibraltar and Morocco in the distance.

As you enter the garden and veer to the right you walk past the patio doors to the Master bedroom and then as you turn to walk along the west side of the villa you past lemon trees and plants on the left and a garden store room under the stairs on the right.   The stairs provide access to the garden roof terrace with sun beds and table and chairs.  The views from this elevated position are spectacular providing 360 degree views of the surrounding landscape.

As you re-enter the lounge via the main terrace to the far left is a door that provides access to the bedrooms and bathrooms.  As you go through the doorway on your left is the Master bedroom and bedroom 2, on your right is a corridor with bedroom 3 on the left and 2 bathrooms on the right with bedroom four at the end of the corridor on the left.

All bedrooms are generous in size with the Master bedroom having patio doors providing access to the garden and pool / sea views.  Bedroom 4 also has a patio door that provides access to the west side garden.  Bathroom 1 has double sinks with a walk-in shower and bathroom 2 has a bath-shower.  

If you fancy a day out shopping, Marbella is only 30 minutes away, and Gibraltar is within commutable distance.  Sotogrande with its wide choice of activities or the white mountain town of Manilva is only a short distance away.  Or the popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade is only a 15-minute drive away.

A truly special villa, come view with me!