Lovely apartment in Nordic Royal Club, south facing with views to the beautiful tropical garden, the swimming pools and partially to the sea. This apartment has been refurbished with a stylish and beautiful kitchen, creating a comfortable and open-plan living area. The terrace is partly covered, south facing receiving sun from early morning untill late afternnon. The master bedrooom is spacious, has an en-suite bathroom and exit to the terrace. Guest bedroom and separate guest bathroom. The apartment is sold including an underground garage space and a storage room.

Completed in 1990, The Nordic Royal Club is an exclusive enclave with 102 apartments that blend the best of Andalucian charm with the comforts and conveniences of today. High-quality Swedish construction technology and materials provide the tasteful luxury one expects, and the professional service organisation is far superior to any other property on the Costa del Sol.
NRC provides round-the-clock security with a multilingual staff and state-of-the-art closed-circuit security cameras. Via an internal call system or panic alarm button placed in each apartment, you receive immediate attention when requested. Smoke alarm systems are also placed in every apartment for additional safety. When you travel, your apartment is secure with someone to look after your belongings.
NRC is offering the highest of standards and qualities in material and construction. Doors, windows and even bathroom fittings have been specially imported from Sweden - and noise and temperature insulation are ensured by modern wall cavity methods and double glazing windows.
NRC is ideally located in Nueva Atalaya (Estepona) 45 minutes drive from Malaga or Gibraltar airport, and just 5 minutes drive west of Puerto Banus, easy access by car or bus from the coast road A7 - still close to shopping, golf courses, sandy beaches and communication. Thanks to its high position, there are clear views of both mountains and Mediterranean sea with the African coastline to the south and the rock of Gibraltar to the west.