PANORAMIC SEA VIEW VILLA IN  MARBELLA - COUNTRY HOUSE IN THE MOUNTAINS WITH PRIVACY AND VIEWS.
We are proud to offer for sale this unique country villa with the most incredible sea views over the entire Costa del Sol and to Morocco and Gibraltar. Located in the hills above Marbella this detached country villa offers you 100% privacy from its elevated position yes is only 10 minutes drive down to the beaches of Marbella. These kind of houses do not come for sale and this is the first time this unique property is available on the market at an exceptional price. It had been completely renovated in 2000 with new windows, kitchen floors and bathrooms and is while needing some modernizing today it is a solid well built villa in a prime position.
Entering the property you have a split level lounge with a fireplace and a seating area and a separate dining area. From the lounge you head onto a covered terrace ideal for al fresco dining  in complete privacy and whilst enjoying the views. On the dining level  and  second lounge you can see across the sea as far as Africa and Gibraltar .On this level you have 2 double bedrooms and a full bathroom . The fully equipped kitchen is extremely spacious and leads out onto another terrace at the rear of the property where you have shade and views to the mountains and even the golf course and sea. Upstairs you have a large master bedroom with walk in wardrobe, fireplace and 2 bathrooms. You have a private terrace from here to wake up and enjoy the sea views.
An important  point with this villa which is set on a hillside and as the plot has different levels you can enjoy not only the sea views but also the most amazing sunrises and also the magical sunsets over Marbella. There are 2 gated entrances to the property with a garage at the lower end and parking for 3 cars on the upper entrance as there is over 2000 meters of plot which is completely fenced and secure. You have plenty of space to put in a swimming pool if you wish and you will never be overlooked by anyone as this was one of the first houses built and being on a double plot your views and privacy are guaranteed forever. There is good access via a tarmac and country road and you can be on the golf course or the beach within a 10 minute drive down the hill. The property is fully legal and registered correctly conforming with Marbella Town hall. It is recommended that you have a 4X4 car as part of the access is a gravel road to the villa.  Please contact us directly and we only arrange viewings specially by appointment.