If your desire is to live in one of the best urbanizations on the Costa del Sol, this is the right place.
This villa is located in the best and most consolidated urbanization of Mijas. If you are also a golf lover, the best courses are here, in front of your future home. This majestic villa has all the comforts that you deserve. On an area of almost 300 square meters, built with the classic style of Andalusian housing and with unique characteristics in terms of quality.
At the entrance to the house we find a striking hall where light filters into the interior through a spectacular stained glass window of multiple colors. The magic generated by the entrance to the house already prepares us to move from its large open living room and terrace, through the large windows, to appreciate and connect with the view of the urbanization and the surrounding golf course. On this floor there is a fully equipped kitchen from which you can also access the terrace to enjoy breakfast while enjoying the beneficial climate of the Costa del Sol. This room is completed by a large toilet.
Through a majestic marble staircase, framed by colorful stained glass windows, we access the first floor where the three large bedrooms are located with their own terrace and privileged views of the magnificent surroundings. Two spacious and tasteful bathrooms create an intimate but very comfortable space. Finally, going down to the basement, we find a cellar adapted to store your best wines and spirits and a barbecue area with a kitchen open to the pool area that invites you to enjoy happy and boisterous gatherings of family and friends. The surrounding garden enhances the majestic architecture of the villa.
It has all the comforts of an exclusive villa, such as a private elevator, swimming pool, planters and its own urban garden area, all of them focused on enjoyment and substantially improving your quality of life.
In compliance with the decree of the Andalusian government 218/2005 of October 11, the client is informed that notary, registration and ITP expenses are not included in the price, real estate intermediation is included in the price.