ELEGANT ANDALUCIAN VILLA KINGS AND QUEENS SOTOGRANDE COSTA

This special family home has now become available for purchase, fully renovated with a recent addition of a spectacular new kitchen and has been furnished by a local interior designer. The villa is available fully furnished and equipped, ready to move into and a full inventory will be made available upon request.

The property is approached from a private road through double electric gates adjacent to the gate house which has a 2 bedroom guest cottage with a bathroom and living space on one side and a double garage on the other. A long curving driveway is the very private approach to the main house and is surrounded by tall mature trees, a beautiful garden, pool and gazebo, providing an oasis of serenity and peace. At the main entrance there are hand carved wooden doors which open on to a Sevillian patio with a fountain, leading to the very spacious main living area with high ceilings and tall windows and a superb open staircase leading to the upper floor. There is a separate living space which houses the huge chimney area, with the television and fitted sofas making a very relaxing space. Tall sliding windows open on to very spacious sitting and dining patios overlooking the garden, swimming pool and gazebo.

In typical Sevillian style, the three en suite guest bedrooms and a cloakroom surround the patio. Double carved bifold doors lead from the lovely dining room to the spacious kitchen with it's marble chimney, sitting and dining areas. Leading on from the kitchen there is a pantry, a full service area with storage, a bedroom and full bathroom with access to the rear of the property.

The upper level offers a magnificent master suite with a Greek marble bathroom with dressing areas and opens on to a large balcony overlooking the pool and garden. An ancient olive tree takes centre stage in the garden and is the main focus of attention. The villa has individual air conditioning and heating radiators throughout, partial underfloor heating, an alarm system , garden irrigation and lighting. This absolutely stunning home must be viewed to appreciate the beauty and excellent lifestyle it offers to a discerning buyer.

