We are delighted to introduce this spectacular 3 bedroom 3 bathroom middle floor apartment in La Cala Golf Resort. This spacious and bright apartment has breathtaking open views to the golf courses,  the mountains of Mijas and the sea on the horizon; you even see the snow on the tops of the Sierra Nevada in winter from your terrace. This truly immaculate property embodies the essence of luxury living, be it as a tranquil holiday home or permanent residence in one of the Costa del Sol's most beautiful, tranquil and serene locations: La Cala Golf Resort.
When you enter the apartment through a good seize hall, you are drawn into the spacious and bright dining and living room. The large window at the end frames the view and brings lots of light into the room. From the living area doors lead out to the large terrace from where you can truly appreciate the remarkable views. The spacious master bedroom with ample wardrobe space, a large dressing area, ensuite bathroom complete with shower; bath and double vanity unit has direct access to the main terrace, so you wake up to the magnificent views.
There are 2 further bedrooms: another with an ensuite bathroom and access to a further private terrace from where you can enjoy the afternoon and evening sun with more beautiful views to the gardens and golf course and one which has the use of a further full bathroom which doubles as a guest toilet. These bedrooms also have lots of built in wardrobe space; lots of natural light and beautiful views.

The spacious fully equipped modern kitchen includes high end appliances, granite work surfaces, a table to seat four and access to a bright and convenient utility/ laundry room. 
Other features include central hot/cold air-conditioning, video entry phone, automatic shutters, mosquito screens, lift , a private garage space, and a very large storage room.
The gated community together with the 24h security in the resort, ensures your peace of mind. 
Large pools and beautifully landscaped gardens, complete with a pond and waterfall, offer a tranquil escape within this exclusive complex to enjoy the Spanish sun.
Situated just a 10-minute drive from the beach of La Cala. La Cala Golf Resort offers both the serenity of nature and the convenience of nearby amenities, including three 18 hole championship golf courses, restaurants, a golf club, and a beautiful hotel with extraordinary Spa.
Don't miss the chance to make this extraordinary apartment your new home —a place where luxury, tranquility, and unmatched views converge.
!!!!The property is sold with all the beautiful high quality modern furniture, so it is ready to move into!!!!
