Discover an extraordinary opportunity in Torremolinos: an exquisite corner duplex penthouse with 145 m2 located in the unbeatable area of Bajondillo just a few metres from the beach and the centre. 
This remarkable luxury penthouse features a private salt water swimming pool and is located in a uniquely designed contemporary building built in 2022 with only 12 neighbours.   
Upon entering the main floor you will be captivated by the spacious open concept living, dining and kitchen area offering uninterrupted sea views. Four generously sized double glazed folding doors seamlessly connect the living space with a large 25 m2 terrace, creating an incredible outdoor enjoyment area.
Adjacent to the living area is the master bedroom: a spacious suite with an elegant en-suite bathroom, dressing area and a work space.  The master bedroom can easily accommodate an American king-size bed, while the en-suite bathroom features twin sinks and a luxurious 1.90 cm rain shower. Both the dressing room and bathroom furnishings have been custom-designed to perfection. 
For the comfort of your guests, a powder room has been thoughtfully designed on this level. 
An impressive wooden and stainless steel spiral staircase leads to the first floor where you will discover a space created with glass curtains with the second bedroom. Here, you will find a beautiful 12 square metre private saltwater swimming pool, as well as another bathroom/laundry area and a Porcelanosa outdoor shower.
This modern and comfortable penthouse has been meticulously upgraded to meet the highest standards of luxury living: Porcelain stoneware interior and exterior floors, in the kitchen all appliances are top of the range, from Bosch to Elica extractor hood, Dekton worktops and backsplash, plus everything is still under extended warranty, top quality Rocca fittings in the bathrooms and Porcelanosa tiling,  intelligent centralised air conditioning/heating system with intercom, thermal and acoustic insulation, automatic blinds and mosquito nets throughout the house, intelligent awning system on the terrace, glass curtain closing on the solarium. .etc
It is worth mentioning that this property has its own system of photovoltaic panels which means an important saving and makes it a sustainable and unique jewel in Torremolinos. 
Included in the price is an underground parking space plus another parking space that can be purchased separately.  The furniture is negotiable, which will allow the buyer to choose pieces that fit his personal style. Don't miss the opportunity to acquire this exceptional penthouse, an investment both for living and for short term rental with a guaranteed high yield. A property with a perfect location, walking distance to the beach, 10 mn walking distance to the train station that connects the centre of Malaga with the whole coast passing through Malaga International Airport and within walking distance to all amenities: supermarkets, restaurants, pharmacies, etc...