Excellent opportunity to enjoy town centre living in the oasis known as Edificio Parque Marbella. Located in the popular M shaped town centre complex, next to a park and a short stroll to the beach/promenade. 
This prestigious complex is 150 metres from the beach, directly behind the tranquillity of Parque Constitution (with a cafe, an amphitheatre, which stages cultural events, magnificent trees, gardens and walkways). Marbella's exciting town centre is a two-minute stroll away with the quaint and historic Casco Antigua (‘Old Town') being a short walk further. 

This penthouse apartment (positioned in the centre of the M shaped building complex) offers 180m2 of one level living areas yet further boasts an enormous 149m2 of amazing roof terrace space. This expansive private open terrace is accessed via an internal staircase. At the far end an elevated area contains a private splash pool. There is running water for the mini kitchen where BBQs can be enjoyed and all-day sun for sun worshiping. From here you can also enjoy stunning views of the Marbella skyline and the picturesque La Concha and Sierra Blanca Mountain range. 

The main living area has 3 bedrooms, one being a completely separate area with dressing room and en-suite bathroom. The other two bedrooms share a bathroom.  The whole living space also offers an external terrace running the length of the apartment. The master suite opens onto this as does the kitchen and the living room. Outside the living room there is space to enjoy al-fresco meals and views below of the pools and gardens. The kitchen is well appointed and bright. 
Hot water and central heating are fuelled by mains gas and there are individual air-conditioning/heating units in each of the bedrooms and the living room. All windows are double glazed, have shutters and mosquito blinds. Outside the living room, kitchen and master bedroom there are electric sun canopies and the roof terrace boasts an enormous electrically operated canopy over a large part of the area for sun protection in full summer. 

Edificio Parque Marbella is so centrally located that the walking distances to the numerous restaurants, bars, supermarkets, individual shops and the beach are all merely short strolls away. The complex offers two main large salt swimming pools plus a kiddie's pool, beautifully maintained gardens, a reception area with 24-hour concierge service. 

This penthouse apartment has a spacious basement covered parking space plus a good-sized store room with electricity and air flow. The lifts and staircases are well maintained. 
An opportunity to be up above the ‘madding crowd' yet right in the centre of the Marbella exciting activity. 
