€1,675,000. Rio Real.Villa with 3 bedr./2 bathr, guest studio and pool. Sea, Golf and Mountains views!!
€1,675,000. Rio Real -Marbella (East).
Modern, classic furnished villa (403m2) with 3 bedrooms/2 bathrooms, guest studio (Bed and bath) and pool on a spacious plot (864m2).
Great Sea, Golf and Mountains views.

Ask us the drone video of the villa!

The villa consists of 2 levels:

Layout first floor: (residential floor)
Entrance. Spacious hall with stairs, toilet, wardrobe and videophone.
Spacious and bright living room with semi-open kitchen, fireplace and sliding doors to the covered terrace.
The kitchen is in a separate room. The kitchen unit has an induction stove with extractor hood, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, combination oven and microwave. All equipment is from the Neff brand.

Master bedroom (1).
Spacious bedroom with fitted wardrobes. En suite bathroom with walk-in shower, washbasin with 2 sinks and toilet.
Bedroom (2).
Spacious bedroom with fitted wardrobes and sliding door to covered terrace.
Bathroom with shower, double sink and toilet.
Bedroom (3).
Spacious bedroom with fitted wardrobes and sliding door to covered terrace.
This room is currently used as an office.

Ground floor layout:
Guesthouse. Spacious living/bedroom with bathroom (toilet, shower, double sink) and fitted wardrobes.
Very spacious garage/storage/laundry room.
Surprising barn.!!

Garden:
Landscaped and walled garden (Southeast oriented).
There is a swimming pool with underwater lighting. The dimensions of the pool are 14.0 × 4.0 meters. There is an outdoor shower in the garden.
There is a closed driveway with an electrically operated entrance gate. It is possible to park in the street.

Inventory:
It is possible to take over the inventory.

Extra information:
- Can be accepted immediately.
- Suitable for rental.
- Double glass.
- Air conditioning: can be operated separately per room.
- Alarm, indoor-outdoor cameras.
- Year of construction 1992, renovated 2022.
- Very quiet and private location.
- Near (Trocadero) Beach.
- Ready to move in!

Location:
The villa is located in the quiet and green area of 'Río Real' east of Marbella in a dead-end street.
10 minutes by car from the center of Marbella and 50 minutes from Malaga airport. The center of Marbella is also easily accessible by bicycle.
The beach of Río Real, called Rio Real Beach (900 meters walk) is part of the famous Los Monteros beach. You can rent jet skis and surf there. The exclusive beach club & restaurant 'Trocadero Arena' is also located on the beach.
The popular Río Real golf course with hotel & restaurant is within walking distance. The beautiful golf course runs to the beach.
Construction of the luxurious 'Four Seasons resort' will soon start, which will give a boost to the entire district.