PPC / ARRAS RESERVED
Exclusive Luxurious Interior Designed Duplex Penthouse situated within the Resort of Menara Beach Guadalmansa Playa, a first choice for discerning buyers seeking elite residential and luxury resort living.

Front Line Beach with on site Residential Spa designed by the world renowned landscape Architect Melvin Villareal, offering exquisite balinesse styled tropical palm garden views with the calming sounds of cascading zen water fountains creating a heavenly spa ambience througout this truly remarkable Beachside Resort. 

Immaculately presented with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, impressively designed and styled, distributed over 2 spacious levels, luxuriously furnished with meticulous attention to detail throughout. 
Comprising of impressive entrance hallway, a new AEG appliance luxury integrated kitchen installed, breakfast bar & renovated utility room. Opulently styled and furnished, spacious open plan lounge/dining room offers exquisite tropical views with quadrouple picture doors accessing a relaxation and coctail terrace facing tall palms, tropical gardens and lilly ponds.  

The spacious en-suite guest bedroom offers access to a dedicated exterior sunbathing terrace.  A further luxury styled double guest bedroom with adjacent luxury marble guest bathroom at this level.  

The exterior relaxation and dining terraces throughout offer stunning views facing the immaculately maintained resort gardens with infinite tall tropical palms and floral lined pathways decorated with lilly ponds and water fountains with multi coloured bougainvillea throughout. 

From the impressive marble Atrium staircase, the upper level hosts a Deluxe Master Bedroom en-suite, impressively styled and luxuriously furnished featuring a high vaulted oak ceiling, adjacent private dressing room and a spacious bathroom en-suite designed in contrasting shades of opulent marble enhanced with a purpose built luxuriously sized walk in shower.  
The Master bedroom suite encompassing the entire 1st floor level hosts several private terraces with a choice of mountain and tropical resort palm views encapsulating both sides of the bedroom from picture sliding doors. The exterior terraces and relaxation zones are exceptionally spacious and offer a fully equipped Kitchen with integrated BBQ unit, spacious dining area for 10/12 guests and ample sunbathing areas facing the exquisite tropical ambient palm views. 

Immaculately presented and maintained, furniture included.
luxurious NS International branded exterior furniture and sunbeds, new automatic electric Persian Blinds installed, Underfloor heating with individual floor zone control installed throughout all rooms and bathrooms, Individual room controllled hot and cold vented airconditioning throughout. Terrace awnings for maximum sun protection. Luxurious custom made to measue curtains throughout. 
Secure elevator access to the door of the property. Underground Parking Space and a spacious storage room included. 
Video Intercom Secure Entry Phone.

Private Owners High Specification Air Conditioned Gymnasium facing the swimming pool 
Indoor Heated Swimming Pool & Steam Room
2 Residents Swimming Pools / Heated Swimming Pool
His and Hers Saunas within the luxury changing rooms
Table Tennis
Residens relaxation area
Residents Library and Dvd Room
Direct Private Residents Beach Paseo Access from within the Menara Beach grounds
Gated, with high security & CCTV throughout the Guadalmansa Playa zone and from within the Resort 
Underground Parking and Storage Room 
On Site Tikitanno Beach Club House Restaurant open all year round, a short walk away
Incomparable Luxury Value
High ROI Potential
Viewing is Highly Recommended

