A modern, fully furnished villa on a very private large plot, built to the highest standards, offering all the luxury that any discerning client would expect from a residence in a prestigious Costa del Sol address. Located at the crossroads between the districts of Marbella, Benahavis and Estepona in the neighbourhood that bears the name El Paraíso, i.e. Paradise. It is a very quiet residential area where you will find mostly villas and family residences. Excellent connection to infrastructure, proximity to amenities and the beach. Málaga International Airport within an hour's drive.
Split into three floors, connected not only by a design staircase but also by a lift. Spacious interiors with clean lines, maximum Mediterranean light. Magnificent sea views from most of the house. Beautifully finished mature garden with heated saltwater pool, palm trees, pine trees as well as fruit bushes and trees. You will even find a Joshua Tree brough directly from California. Elegant modern kitchen with all appliances. Completely furnished designer bathrooms. Spacious garage for two cars + 2 additional parking spaces. Spacious terraces adjoining the interior. All very practically designed. In the basement you will find a multifunctional space with comfortable seating adapted as a home cinema and funcional office at the same time. There is a fitness room and another room that can easily be turned into another guest or staff room, as well as a fully equipped laundry. A detailed breakdown of the technical specifications would hardly fit here, but it is worth mentioning at least the underfloor heating, air conditioning with separate thermostats in each of the rooms, wooden floors in the bedrooms and on the main floor, fireplace in the living area.
All furnishings and decoration have been provided by one of the prestigious interior design studios on the Costa del Sol. The villa is not lacking in detail.
If you are interested in more detailed information or a visit, do not hesitate to contact us.
