171 - There are properties that, as soon as you see them, give you good feelings and the certainty of being able to turn them into a home and even into a life project. This is one of them!
Let me introduce you to this wonderful chalet characterized by its spaciousness, comfort and at the same time cozy. Located in the lower middle part  of  Pinos de Alhaurin urbanization  easily accessible and a few minutes from the town of Alhaurin de la Torre and its facilities.  Only 20 minutes to Malaga airport and beach at the Costa del Sol. 
From the entrance we are welcomed by a large clear and comfortable space to maneuver  that takes us to the large porch which in turn gives access to the main house. There are two entrances, one that leads directly to the large, fully equipped American kitchen and its dining room: the other entrance leads to a spacious hall from which we have access to all the rooms on the ground floor.
On the ground floor we find 3 double bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room with windows that overlook the second terrace and the pool area.
On the same floor and a little further from the entrance, we find an apartment with an independent entrance but which is also connected to the first floor of the main house. The apartment consists of 1 bedroom, a bathroom, living room and kitchen as well as a leisure room; on the same area we  find a gym  and a sauna.
On the second floor there are another 3 bedrooms and two bathrooms, one of them en suite in the main room that has access to a large solarium/terrace with fantastic mountain views. Hot/cold air conditioning in most rooms.
The main living room has access out to a terrace and pool area. Large pool  and very well organized BBQ area with a dining area as well as a second grill for use with firewood or charcoal. In the same area and on a small basement, we find the pool treatment plant that can also be used to store tools, etc.
Apart from the large space on the plot to park several  vehicles, we also have a covered garage for two vehicles and a tennis court. The entire pool area is fenced for parents' peace of mind. We also find a green area.
In compliance with all current regulations, we want to inform you that the indicated prices do not include the expenses derived from the purchase of real estate, such as the Property Transfer Tax, notary expenses, among others. We want you to have peace of mind knowing that there are no real estate brokerage fees additional to the sale price.