Extraordinary Triplex penthouse offering ultimate level of luxury on the Golden Mile, making you feel as if being in a villa built in the sky. 

Located near the beach in recently constructed ´Benalus´ urbanization with 24h security, tropical gardens, state of art spa, sauna, gym, outdoor and indoor heated pool. Simply a great match for most demanding individuals. 

This phenomenal property consists of 3 levels, all easily accessible via a private lift, ensuring living without boundaries.

Welcomed through a main floor, instantly you will feel the greatness of the place due to its double high ceiling, amazing flow between living, dining and kitchen area, all extended by terraces which all together combine into super specious wrap around outdoor area on this floor, allowing many useful sections to enjoy; breakfast terrace of the kitchen, chill out zone off the tv lounge, large gathering lounge for sunsets lovers or for early sun enthusiasts on the other sides of the terrace. 
On this floor there is also a guest toilet and one of the four ensuite bedrooms with adjusted terrace. 

Making your way up the featured staircase, you will arrive onto the airy open style landing leading to 3 ensuite bedrooms, all of them with private spacious terraces. 
Master bedroom will give you a feel of suite with massive bathroom and stylish dressing area. All of it is soaked in natural light coming through two terraces on each side, maximising the enjoyment of both morning and evening sun. 
Also, two other bedrooms on this floor have private balconies.  Additionally, all rooms are fitted with Somfy awnings on the terraces.
All bedrooms have ample wardrobe space. On this floor you will also find separate laundry room and utility cupboard.

Rooftop terrace and its well designed lay out makes this property an undeniable perfection of al fresco living at its best. 360 degrees views including magnificent La Concha and Mediterranean Sea. Private swimming pool, chill out area, shower, outdoor kitchen with barbecue, dining and lounge areas give you an opportunity to fully enjoy most of the sun days that Costa del Sol offers.  

Being in close proximity to famous landmarks such as Puente Romano and Marbella Club Hotel and in short distance to Puerto Banus, gives anyone choosing this property fast and easy access to crème de la cream of Golden Mile. And the fact that beach is just a step away makes it a dream location. 

Underfloor heating, Schuco windows, Vileroy & Boch. Smart Domotic system, Miele appliances, Somfy awnings and blinds and more top notch technologies throughout this triplex. 

Elegant and superb quality furniture included in the price. Along with 4 parking spaces and storage. 


