Now this is truly an amazing opportunity to buy an investment property with a tourism licence in place, a holiday home or a permanent residence, just a stones throw from some of the best beaches the Mediterranean has to offer.
Located just a 4 minutes walk to beach, 10 to shopping centre and cinema, and  less than a 20 minute walk to bars and restaurants. From here it is also just a 20 minute drive to the airport or the centre of Marbella. 
Situated as the last villa on a no through way street the property also has a private garage and a parking space, and the benefits of no passing traffic.
As we enter the gates the first thing to greet you is a breathtaking view out to sea and a very spacious yet private pool and outdoor lounging space to soak up the rays with your favourite tipple in hand.
As we make our way towards the main living space we find an outdoor dining area with panoramic views flowing out of the spacious living room.
The living room has a classic Woodburn fireplace for the few weeks of each year that you will want to feel cozy and warm.
Leading off of the main living space we have a complete kitchen and a separate dining room flooded with natural light and once again taking full advantage of the views.
The property has been designed to enjoy everything that Spain has to offer with double height ceilings  to keep you cool in the summer.
As we then move towards the bedrooms you will find a large double bedroom with fitted wardrobes and a family bathroom with a large bath and a massage shower unit.
Moving through we then enter a large master bedroom with a lot of natural light. Onward we then enter to the third smaller bedroom which can also be repurposed as a spacious office or a very large walk in wardrobe and another bathroom with a massage shower.
In addition to all of this we also find a separate apartment at pool level with a double bed, a bathroom and kitchenette. 
The property has been a family home for many years and has also been a very lucrative holiday rental business,  so whatever you are looking for this will tick the boxes


