This outstanding 11-bedroom villa is offered for sale in the tranquil and sought-after area of Paraiso Alto, Benahavis. Possibly, this is the best house in El Paraiso. Located just behind El Paraiso Golf Club, El Paraiso Alto comprises a mix of stylish and well-established apartment and townhouse complexes and family villas. Since it is situated at the highest point of the elevated area of El Paraiso, most properties admire spectacular panoramic views over the coastline, Mediterranean Sea and mountains. El Paraiso is home to the legendary Gary Player-designed El Paraiso Golf Club, one of the Costa del Sol's best-loved championship courses. The area is well-served by local restaurants and shops, and lies approximately 10 minutes' away from the centre of the pretty gourmet village of Benahavis and 5 minutes' drive from San Pedro de Alcántara.

Surrounded with beautiful nature and similar high-end properties of Benahavis, Marbella and Estepona municipalities, the south-oriented house of 965 m² with 160-m² terraces sits on a plot of 2.019 m². It enjoys breath/taking panoramic views over the picture-perfect surroundings, sea and mountains including the majestic symbol of Marbella, La Concha. Originally constructed in 2002, the property was completely renovated, including all facilities, in 2019. Providing privacy, comfort and an opulent lifestyle, it features the spectacular Mediterranean-style architecture and modern living spaces. The best materials and qualities were used in its renovation, and it is sold impeccably furnished and tastefully decorated. This majestic villa is distributed over 3 floors, connected by comfortable stairs and elevator. From its entrance hall to the living room, you already enjoy the eye-pleasing sea views. On the left, a cosy lounge with a fireplace, marble floors and large glass doors connects to the outdoor areas. A large covered terrace leads to a magnificent garden with total privacy and a heated swimming pool to be enjoyed every day of the year. The elegant and gracious dining room with contemporary lights and bold decor makes a statement. A sleek minimalist-style fully fitted kitchen boasts a central island and superb home appliances. This area occupies the entire floor of the tower of the house. On the right, on the same ground floor you have 3 very large bedrooms with their respective bathrooms en-suite.

The upper floor hosts 3 bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and access to a large terrace with stunning views that surrounds the entire house on this level. From the terrace you can also access the upper part of the tower of the villa, which is enabled for living room or office. On the lower floor, you conveniently have a guest apartment with separate entrance, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, a living room and a kitchen. In addition the high-end house offers another apartment and 2 other bedrooms for employees or guests. On the same level, you can find a machine room, laundry area, cellar, several storage areas and a parking for several vehicles. It's worth mentioning that the highest level of quality in both materials and finishes is the same on all floors of the outstanding property. The landscaped garden is a private green oasis with mature trees, green lawn, swimming pool and lovely areas for relaxing and sunbathing. Ideal to enjoy the sunny days and tranquil evenings in beautiful Marbella area!

This attractive home comes for sale in excellent condition and with luxurious features and natural elements creating beautiful and relaxing atmosphere. It is equipped with air conditioning, underfloor heating in the bathrooms, LED lights, alarm and safety window grills, double-glazing, etc. The property also benefits from a luxury freestanding bathtub, dressing area, games room, fireplaces, fitted wardrobes, accent walls, exposed wooden ceiling beams, etc. If you love nature and golf, this is a great modern Mediterranean home both for family life and spending holidays. Its convenient location, serene contemporary vibe and luxury amenities also assure a high return on investment from rentals.