This fabulous 2-bed, two-bath first floor apartment with a generous sized terrace (46m2) provides mountain views, overlooks the beautiful gardens with swimming pool and sea views.  The apartment is sold fully furnished and comes with a store room and private underground parking.

Located in Casares Beach, a beautifully maintained gated urbanisation with communal gardens, swimming pools and paddle tennis court.  The urbanisation further benefits from manned security and concierge service.  The location of this urbanisation is unbeatable, next to Doña Julia Golf Club and you are just a 5-10 minute walk from the stunning Casares Coastline and the well-renowned 'La Sal' Chringuito (beach restaurant).   You can also choose to walk more directly to the coastal town of Sabinillas which is also only a 10 minute walk (2 minute drive).  The beach has been awarded the Blue Flag, a distinction awarded by the European Foundation for Environmental Education.  The beach promenade or paseo has a selection of quality tapas bars, restaurants, and beach chirinquitos offering a variety of local and international cuisine.  You can continue to follow the promenade to the popular Marina de la Duquesa.  

As you enter the apartment you are in the reception area, to the left is the entrance to the kitchen, directly in front is the central hallway where the bedrooms and bathrooms are located and to the right the entrance to the open plan lounge/dining room.

This apartment has a real modern feel and is decorated to a high standard.  The apartment includes air conditioning via vents, an electric fireplace and has plenty of natural light with windows or patio doors in all rooms including the 2 bathrooms.

The fully fitted kitchen is in an L-Shape design providing plenty of work surfaces and cupboards.  The sink is well positioned underneath the large kitchen window that overlooks the golf club.  To the right there is a patio door providing access to the separate utility room.  The utility room window provides mountain views.  As you re-enter the kitchen on the left there is an enclosed area that has been tastefully utilised with additional kitchen shelving. 

The open plan lounge / dining room is beautifully decorated and has a wow factor.  The lounge has floor to ceiling sliding patio doors with plenty of natural light enticing you towards the terrace.  This well presented room has the dining area that comfortably seats 6 and the lounge area with a large L-shaped sofa-bed.  The dining table, coffee table and side table are all marble and the art work and modern lighting completes the lovely setting.

As you enter the terrace from the lounge you appreciate the size of the terrace.  The views are fantastic! Towards the left are mountain views, in front beautiful gardens with swimming pool and sea views beyond.  The covered terrace has been divided into 2 main sections 1) area via the lounge 2) a larger terrace area where in addition from the lounge both bedrooms have direct access via patio sliding doors.   The terrace area via the lounge has new tasteful furniture with seating for 4 and a mini fridge and drinks area.  The larger section of the terrace has further seating for 4 with coffee table, a flat screen television, barbeque and storage unit.  The side of the terrace has been enclosed with windows with the option of blinds and provide mountain views.   The generous sized terrace is in such a lovely peaceful setting ideal for al fresco dining, entertaining or simply relaxing soaking in the mediterranean lifestyle.
Returning to the apartment, Bedroom 2 is a double room currently with 2 single beds and has fitted wardrobes.  The room has sliding floor to ceiling patio doors providing sea views and direct access to the larger area of the terrace.  As you leave bedroom 2, opposite is the family modern bathroom with a walk-in shower and window for natural light and ventilation.  As you continue to walk past the family bathroom you enter the master bedroom.  The en-suite with bath-shower and double sinks also has a window that provides plenty of natural light and ventilation.  The master bedroom is a generous sized room with fitted wardrobes and floor to ceiling sliding patio doors providing direct access to the larger area of the terrace.

As you leave the apartment you can use either the stairs or lift to access the store room and private underground parking.  The parking (23m2) and store room (12.4m2) is generous in size.  The underground parking and secure store room is accessed through the privately accessible secure gated entrance. 

If you are a keen golfer, you are across the road from Dona Julio clubhouse, a very social and international club where they often run events such as charity evenings and live music . Casares offers the perfect blend of old and new - within a 10-minute drive, you can be up in the whitewashed village of Casares. Casares is also known for its gastronomy - with lots of traditional 'ventas ' ( Spanish restaurants) all the way up Casares road.  If you fancy a day out shopping, Marbella is only 25 minutes away, and Gibraltar is within commutable distance.  The popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade is only a 10-minute drive away. 

Come view with me!