This property is an exceptional detached villa with breath taking views, distributed over three floors in Coin's most popular urbanisation (Sierra Gorda). It includes a two bedroom guest apartment (basement) with independent access. The house is entered from the top floor. It comprises a large open lounge with a feature fireplace and a separate dining area enjoying open panoramic views with access to an open terrace, a fully fitted kitchen, a guest bathroom ( at present used as storage/ WC) and stairs leading to the middle floor that consists of a master ensuite bedroom with fitted wardrobes and access to a covered terrace, a double bedroom with fitted wardrobes and also access to the same terrace, guest bathroom, a double bedroom with fitted wardrobe and access to an open terrace with stairs leading to the swimming pool and street, a hallway, storage/utility room and access to a guest apartment that comprises two bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, open lounge, diner and fully fitted kitchen and access to a terrace, stairs (leading to the street) private saltwater swimming pool and storage room. 
The features include water softener, marble floors, fitted wardrobes, double glazing, air conditioning throughout, and open parking with an automatic entrance gate and a guest apartment.
This is an excellent opportunity to purchase a substantial home that could generate extra income from the guest apartment (that comes with the Tourist licence) that can be accessed from the street.
Sierra Gorda benefits from shops, bars, and restaurants within walking distance and is close to the commercial centre of La Trocha and great access roads. Surrounded by great access roads, the coast and airport are around a 35 minute drive, and the popular neighbouring village of Alhaurin El Grande is around a 10 minute's drive.

Detached Villa, Coín, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 247 m², Terrace 31 m², Garden/Plot 600 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Urbanisation.
Orientation : West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Staff Accommodation.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Open, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Resale.
