A work of art on the beachfront

If you are looking for a truly unique property, don't wait to discover this sophisticated duplex penthouse. Fully furnished, each room offers an ambience suitable for an optimal contemporary lifestyle.

The property is located in an emblematic residential area, facing the sea, with south orientation and fantastic views.  The gardens of the urbanization stand out for their tropical beauty and impeccable maintenance.

The flat has been completely refurbished in collaboration with the best interior design brands, with sophisticated furnishings, in perfect condition and luxury finishes: Fabbian lighting, Fiam mirrors designed by Philippe Starck, Baccarat furniture and Fabbian Faretti lamps, Schiffini kitchen, Gieliesse dressing rooms and Rimadesio interior doors, Tai Ping carpets, Paola Lenti outdoor furniture are just some examples.

The main floor stands out for the brightness of the spacious living-dining room, with access to two terraces, with open views of the sea and the communal swimming pools. A beautiful Italian kitchen completes this elegant space ready to welcome the most exquisite palates. On the same floor, the property has two spacious bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms. One of the bathrooms has been designed by Alex Turco, complemented by a glass washbasin and Milles Nuits de Baccarat wall lights. The second bathroom is finished in onyx.

On the upper level is the master bedroom suite with dressing room and access to a panoramic terrace with outdoor kitchen, barbecue area and stunning 180 degree views. 

Cabo Bermejo offers everything you would expect from a 5 star complex: 24 hour security, 2 fabulous communal swimming pools and 2 gyms. The complex is on the edge of one of the best kept promenades on the coast. The sales price includes a double underground parking space and a large storage room.

In case of further interest or to request a private viewing, please do not hesitate to contact us, we will be pleased to help you.


KDT