Walking distance from Mijas Pueblo
Detached 4-bedroom Villa / Chalet
Built area 340 m2 plus balconies and patios of additional 75m2
4 bedrooms ; 3 bathrooms; 2 shower rooms
L-shaped lounge / dining room; Study; Fitted kitchen; Utility Room; Store room.
Large basement / garage
Swimming- pool 10m x 4m
Gardens 794 m2
.
Beautiful views
LOCATION

The location of the house is almost unique with its fabulous views, easy walk to Mijas Pueblo and access to all main services.

It is located in a small cul-de-sac just off the Coin road leading westward out of Mijas Pueblo. There are just 4 properties in the cul-de-sac, all enjoying services direct from the main facility providers, thus having no requirement for any urbanisation. The short access road is paved, while the main road has street-lighting and a pavement – which means the house is within a few minutes easy walk of Mijas village and all its associated services. Whilst having the benefits of being near the Pueblo, the property is on an open hillside and thus has fabulous south and west views to the Mediterranean coast, the Sierra Blanca mountains and North Africa.

The local road system leads easily onto the autopista and Malaga airport is less than 20 minute drive away.

THE PROPERTY

The south-facing property is a large, very attractive, detached villa (Spanish "chalet") offering spacious accommodation on two levels, with a large basement and garage underneath.

Originally constructed in the late 1980s, the house and gardens had a major renovation in 2000 and the whole has been carefully maintained and improved by the current owners over the last 6 years.

The house is finished to a very high standard with the following features:

Air-conditioning / heating units installed in all living-rooms and bedrooms
Aluminium-framed double-glazing to all windows and patio doors. Variety of swivel-and-tilt and sliding windows, with clear or frosted glass as appropriate. Sliding patio doors. Security locks and roller-style flyscreens.
Secure ornamental rejas to all windows and patio doors.
Doors, frames, banisters and wardrobe fittings of light oak wood. Bevel-edged glazing to interior doors where appropriate.
Glazed floor tiles to all rooms, patios and basement. Floor-to-ceiling tiling in kitchen and bathrooms in beige shades with toning freizes and motifs.
Exterior walls, interior walls and ceilings are finished in "rustic" plaster work and painted white.
Fully fitted kitchen and utility room with wide array of cupboards and utility space. Plentiful work surfaces, including breakfast bar. Concealed and display lighting. Stainless steel sinks.
Bathrooms suites of high quality in beige enamel; high quality vanity units with drawers, cupboards, mirrors, lights, etc. Chrome and gold coloured fittings.
Professionally installed electrical wiring system using 3-phase external supply via fully compliant fuse system to extensive distribution of socket points.
Fibre Optic cable to centrally sited router/wifi
Alarm system connected in every room and with 3 separate control panels (one on each floor). System connected by landline and radio system to Tecnyges Security company office located nearby.
Direct metered connection to mains water pipeline supplying Mijas Pueblo.
Domestic hot water from solar panels with immersion heater "top-up" to holding tank if required.
Domestic waste water to a sealed soak-away system. Rainwater guttering and groundwater drains are installed and redirect excess rainfall onto the external road.
The mature gardens, which have been designed to be easily managed, have small lawns, jardineras (raised flower beds) and patios. The beds are planted with a wide range of flowering plants and shrubs, while the orchard area has a selection of fruit trees.
There are a number of patio areas, including a large barbecue patio with wooden beams, wet bar, lighting and power points.
There are walls and/or railings and fences all around the property. Pedestrian access from the road is via double gates on the top entrance patio (gates operated from internal control) . Motor access to parking area and garage on lower patio is via key-fob-operated electric double gates. The garage has a key-fob-operated electric up-and-over door.
The gardens and boundaries have a range of lights providing safety, security and ornamentation.


ACCOMMODATION

ENTRANCE PORCH. Imposing Spanish-style wooden door and surround with black metal features. Door and surround have metal reinforcing and double locks. Porch approx 2m2 with arched window. Ornamental hanging light. Wood and glazed door to –

ENTRANCE HALL. Tiled floor. Arch and small alcove features. Power Points. Telephone points. Security Monitor & Control Panel. Top gate access switch & ‘phone. Ornamental hanging light.

STUDY (or separate dining room). Solid wooden door. Tiled floor. Double window overlooking entrance patio. Pelmet, curtain rails, draw pulls and secondary blinds. Power Points. Telephone points. A/c unit.

CLOAKROOM. Solid wooden door. Tiled floor. Fully tiled walls. Bath with shower unit; W.C.; Wash basin in mirrored vanity unit. Power Points. Frosted window with hinged panel.

LOUNGE / DINING ROOM . Access via double sliding wood and glazed doors. A large L-shaped room having double windows to east and west aspects, plus two sets of patio doors to south-facing terrace and balcony. Tiled floor. Brick fireplace with glass-fronted wood-burning fire unit. Pelmet, curtain rails, draw pulls and secondary blinds.  Ornamental hanging and wall lights. Multiple tv and power points. Security monitor. A/c unit.

L-SHAPED COVERED TERRACE (with access also from kitchen).  Tiled floor. 6 arches with balustrades and ornamental brickwork. South and west aspects. Power Point. Wall lights

KITCHEN Wood and glazed door. Tiled floor. Fully tiled walls. Wide range of floor units including cupboards and drawers, also wall units with under-lights. Attractive display units of open shelves and cupboards with glazed doors and concealed lighting. Marble effect work surfaces, shelves and breakfast bar. Stainless steel double sink unit with draining board. Electric fan oven; gas  hob; extractor fan; fridge freezer; dishwasher. Multiple power points. Security monitor. Double sliding patio doors to terrace. Double sliding windows to rear path (and small patio housing casita for gas bottles). Patterned blind. Wood and glazed door to

UTILITY ROOM Marble effect work surface with stainless steel sink unit and draining board. Matching wall units and storage cabinets with space under for  washing machine and tumble drier. Ceiling light and emergency light. Power circuit panel. Multiple power points. Glazed reja-style door to

REAR PORCH / STORE small store room with fited shelving and hanging units. Ceiling light. Metal security door to

Drying Patio with rotary clothes line and steps down to Pool Patio.



STAIRCASE to Upper Floor. Tiled steps. Wooden stair edging, handrail and balustrade.  Ornamental wall lights. Double opening window with frosted glass.

LANDING tiled floor and wooden balustrade.  Ornamental wall light. Solid wood doors to :


BEDROOM 1 / MASTER SUITE built in wardrobe / cupboard with wooden doors. Tiled floor. Security monitor and control panel. Multiple power points. Ornamental wall lights. TV point. Double sliding window to southern aspect. Small arched window to east. Central ceiling fan and light. A/c unit. Single hinged patio door and reja to west aspect and patio area. Passageway to EN-SUITE BATHROOM with tiled floor and fully tiled walls. 2 frosted glass windows to eastern aspect. Large jacuzzi bath; W.C.; Bidet; Walk-in power-shower. Wash basin in vanity unit with mirror and lighting. Ceiling light. Power Points.

BEDROOM 2 built in wardrobe / cupboard & vanity unit with wooden doors. Tiled floor. Pelmet, curtain rails, draw pulls and secondary sun screen. Security monitor. Multiple power points. Ornamental wall lights.  Central ceiling fan and light. A/c unit. Double sliding patio doors / rejas to southern aspect and patio area. Passageway to EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM with tiled floor and fully tiled walls. Frosted glass windows to rear aspect. Walk-in shower unit; W.C.; Wash basin in vanity unit with mirror and lighting. Ceiling light. Power Points.

BEDROOM 3 with built-in wardrobe unit with wooden doors. Tiled floor. Security monitor. Multiple power points. Telephone points. TV Points. Ornamental wall lights.  Central ceiling fan and light. A/c unit. Pelmets, curtain rails, draw pulls and curtains. Small window to southern aspect . Double window to western aspect. Central ceiling fan and light. A/c unit. Single hinged patio door and reja to south aspect and patio area.

BEDROOM 4 with built-in wardrobe unit with wooden doors. Tiled floor. Multiple power points. Telephone points. Central ceiling fan and light. A/c unit. Double patio doors  to small balcony  with eastern aspect and overlooking entrance patio.

BATHROOM with tiled floor, fully tiled walls. Bath with shower unit; W.C.; Bidet ; Wash basin in vanity unit with mirror and lights. Ceiling light. Power points.

L-SHAPED OPEN TERRACE (with access from bedrooms 1, 2 and 3).  Tiled floor. White balustrade. South and west aspects with fabulous views. Power Point. Wall lights



From ENTRANCE HALL

LOWER STAIRCASE solid wood door with double lock to tiled steps with wooden stair edging. Half-glazed door to lower steps. Double opening window with frosted glass.

BASEMENT area (approximately 120m2) . Tiled floor. Wine store. Point for waste pipe / sink. Double opening windows to pool patio. Electrically operated up-and-over garage door. Single hinged-steel door to pool patio. 4 x strip lights. Multiple power points. Security monitor & control panel. Access to

SHOWER ROOM  with tiled floor and fully tiled walls. W.C, Wash Basin; Large walk-in shower area.

COVERED TERRACE (approximately 12m2( with wall light and power points. Security light.

SWIMMING POOL approx 10m x 4m plus entrance step area. 0.75m to 2m deep.

PUMP HOUSE with pool pump, filter, timer and valve gear. Lockable reja door.



EXTERIOR

Garden, Patios and Perimeter Walls

The total area of the plot, including built area, is just less than 1000m2. Ease of maintenance has been the key feature and it takes the owners about 1/2 day per week to maintain the garden and patios.

Small lawn approx 15m2. Small concrete stand for 2 solar panels and storage tank for hot water

BBQ Patio approx 40m2 tiled patio with walls on 3 sides and open to pool. Heavy wooden beams above with grapevine. Wet bar with running water and stainless steel sink. Numerous lights and power points.

Main lawn approx 50m2

Orchard approx 25m2 with almond, nectarine, mandarin, grapefruit, lemon, lime and avocado trees.

Jardineras / Raised flower beds are situated alongside and on the top patio, beside the main drive patio and either side of the orchard area. They total approximately 40m2 and contain bedding plants, small shrubs and dwarf trees.

Walls there are walls of 2m height to the west side. On the north, the ornamental wall is 1.5m. The roadside-wall has pillars and railings of between 1.5 and 3m in height. The south side has a fence and hedge. The wall below this fence is approximately 3m in height from the lower neighbor's drive.

Access gates are from the road to the top entrance patio and from the road to the garage area. The top gate has a remote opening button by the entrance phone, while the main gates have key fob control and are electrically operated.

External Lights – there are switch-controlled lights on the gates, patios, balconies, central garden and swimming pool, with motion-detector lights near both garage doors
