Charming, classic style villa located on first line golf in one of the quietest and most private areas of Guadalmina Alta. The property is distributed on one floor and thanks to its fantastic south orientation it enjoys all day sun, it also offers: entrance hall, a single bedroom (that could also be used as an office) with bathroom that acts also as guest toilet as it has two independent entrances. Two large bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms, the master bathroom has sauna and steam baths. The kitchen is spacious and fully equipped as well as having a semi-covered laundry patio with lots of natural light. In the kitchen it is worth mentioning a particular chimney in the shape of a Swedish column, very pleasant on colder days. From the same kitchen we access directly to a magnificent living room with large open fireplace, dining room and an area that can have various uses such as gym, reading area, games or even could be converted into a bedroom easily with the advantage that there is currently a shower room next to this area. From the living room we access a large covered terrace facing south and mature garden with a variety of fruit trees, good size swimming pool and direct access to the golf course, there is also a shed for all materials and machinery for the maintenance of the garden. There is a small, independent, 1 bedroom with ensuite bathroom bungalow attached to the house. Through an exterior staircase we have access to a large solarium from where you can see the sea and magnificent views of the golf course .. Other features: large garage and parking area, underfloor heating in one of the bedrooms, air conditioning, double glazing and fitted wardrobes.


Detached Villa, Guadalmina Alta, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 408 m², Garden/Plot 1004 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East, South, West.
Condition : Good, Renovation Required, Restoration Required.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace, U/F Heating.
Views : Golf, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Double Glazing, Near Church.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Resale.
