Exclusive Penthouse in one of the Best Residential Areas of Benalmádena.

We invite you to discover a unique opportunity in the heart of Benalmádena: a stunning penthouse located just two minutes away from the charming Benalmádena Pueblo and the Xanit Hospital.

This bright and spacious two bedroom penthouse is a jewel that combines elegance and comfort. Each of the bedrooms opens onto a private terrace, flooding the property with sunlight. Centralised air conditioning ensures that your home is always at the perfect temperature.

The master bedroom features an en suite bathroom, equipped with a luxurious hydro-massage shower, while both bedrooms include ample built-in wardrobes, providing generous storage space. Between the two bedrooms, a spacious hallway with fitted wardrobes on both sides gives access to a second bathroom complete with bathtub.

The living room connects seamlessly with the kitchen, creating a large living-dining space perfect for family living or entertaining friends. From the living room, doors open onto a spectacular terrace of approximately 83 m², which connects to the two bedrooms, allowing you to enjoy unforgettable moments outdoors.
The well-equipped and modernly designed kitchen offers access to a spacious utility room, which makes everyday life easier. The flat comes partially furnished, making it even more convenient to move into.

The south orientation of this property ensures that you will enjoy the sun for most of the day. Furthermore, it is part of an exclusive residential community that offers communal swimming pools and beautiful green areas, providing a serene and relaxing environment.

For your convenience, this penthouse comes with two parking spaces and an underground storage room, both included in the price. This ensures that you will have more than enough space for your vehicle and to store your belongings.

The location of this property is unbeatable, in one of the most sought-after areas of Benalmádena, with close access to a wide range of services, such as supermarkets, restaurants, cafés, health centre, schools, colleges, institutes, as well as excellent transport options, such as buses and commuter trains. And if you fancy a stroll by the sea, the promenade is just a few minutes away.

Don't miss the opportunity to visit this exclusive penthouse, we are sure you will be captivated!

 "According to the decree of the Junta de Andalucia 218-2005 of the 11th of October, we inform you that the notary, registry and ITP costs are not included in the price".