If it is location and luxury that you are seeking, then look no further! This incredible Golden Mile penthouse is a truly beautiful property located close to Marbella and Puerto Banus on the famed Golden Mile of Marbella! Las Lomas de Sierra Blanca has been a highly sought-after complex in Marbella´s Golden Mile since it's launch in 2004,  and the desire for these large Marbella homes continues to be strong.
Within walking distance to the world-famous Puente Romano Resort on Marbella´s Golden Mile, this residence is highly desirable for those wishing to live within the Costa de Sol´s prime luxury location. Sitting on it´s elevated hillside, the striking architecture of this complex stands out from it´s neighbouring buildings. With secure underground parking, these apartment blocks are accessed by car into the private designated parking areas, where there is also a large storeroom found. From here, an elevator leads up to the top floor and stops right outside the front door of this luxurious Marbella duplex penthouse. Even the communal stairs and hallways of this urbanisation are finished to the highest standard with marble floors intricately detailed and immaculately maintained. 
Enter this Marbella home and the spacious and bright open-plan living area welcomes the visitor, with a style and elegance that is breath-taking. Immediately the quality of this reformed interior is apparent. High ceilings, high-polished floors, floor to ceiling patio doors...all of these give the majesty that one would expect from a luxury Marbella penthouse. The living area has been settled in the main area of this space, and leads directly to the huge terrace, from where the views over the pool and to the coast beyond are mesmerising. Here we find a stunning outdoor kitchen fitted with barbecue, fridge and sink, allowing for easy family meals on those long summer evenings. This terrace offers space for al fresco living throughout the year and what ever the season, with it´s very attractive wooden pergola providing shelter from hot sun in the deep summer months. 
The elegance of the kitchen is notable. With deep tones on the kitchen units and an island fitted with smoked-glass doors, this is a very well-designed heart of the home.
There are 2 bedrooms on this level. The master is huge and bright, with bespoke lighting options creating the desired mood within this suite. A bathroom providing the best in bathroom furniture with large walk-in shower and floating wash stand. 
The second bedroom is equally bright and spacious, with it´s own ensuite bathroom provided. 
Both of these bedrooms have direct access to the rear terrace, which is a lovely space to sit on cooler winter mornings and enjoy coffee in the morning sun.
n the bright hallway at the entrance to this penthouse in the Golden Mile, there is a wide and bright staircase leading to the upper duplex level. This is a perfect retreat for whoever chooses to stay within this delightful space. A bedroom and bathroom here provide the necessary amenities, but the crowning glory is the surrounding rooftop terrace which encircles the living accommodation with 360 degree wrap-around terraces. Here the views to Marbella, the mountains, and the Mediterranean Sea are superb. With pre-installed outdoor shower and bespoke wrought-iron pergola, this large terrace benefits from privacy, sunshine and enough space for any type of sublime rooftop solarium to be developed and created to the new owner´s wildest desires. 

