IMPRESSIVE MEDITERRANEAN-STYLE VILLA WITH BREATHTAKING VIEWS OF THE COUNTRYSIDE AND THE MOUNTAINS
Amazing family residence located within the exclusive 24h gated estate of El Madronal above the hills of Benahavis and a short drive to a variety of amenities such as shops, restaurants, golf courses and schools. Set on a generous elevated southwest-facing plot accessed via gate 6 entrance, the villa benefits from its elevated position and offers breathtaking views over the surrounding countryside, valley and mountains in addition to comfort and privacy.  

TASTEFULLY DECORATED INTERIORS WITH SPACIOUS OUTDOORS
This beautifully presented villa is distributed across three levels, including two floors and a basement. All floors are connected by a staircase and furnished with exceptional style whilst maintaining a touch of warmth and an Andalusian feel. The entrance level comprises of a hallway, an elegant living room with a fireplace, a dining area, a guest toilet and an open plan fully fitted modern kitchen equipped with high-quality appliances featuring a large island with seats for four. The living area draws you to a terrace with an additional exterior dining area by the pool where one can enjoy the pool and garden views. Furthermore, on the entrance level, there are 3 well-sized bedrooms, one of them with an en-suite bathroom. The other two bedrooms share a family bathroom. On the upper level, you will find a spacious and elegant master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a big walk-in closet. There is also an office, a living room and 2 further bedrooms with 2 bathrooms on this same level. In the basement, you will find a spacious garage for 2 cars, a laundry room and a storeroom.  Finally, there is a guest/staff apartment with a separate entrance comprising of a bedroom, a bathroom and a kitchenette. The property has a large driveway with a double carport. The outdoor area includes a mature and well-maintained Mediterranean garden, an expansive tiled terrace area surrounding an amazing swimming pool with sun loungers. By the pool, you will find a pergola with an exterior kitchen equipped with a barbeque, accommodating a dining area. The exteriors offer plenty of space to relax and benefit from the Spanish outdoor lifestyle. The characteristics of the Mediterranean house, together with the surroundings, make it a unique place to disconnect from the daily routine and enjoy the purest nature. 

TRANQUILITY AND CLOSE TO AMENITIES
El Madronal is located on Ronda Road, just opposite La Zagaleta, in the district of Benahavis. Set in a forest of cork and pine trees, El Madroñal is a gated 24h urbanization comprised of six different sections, each with its own separate gate. The area benefits of an elevated position that offers amazing views, yet is very close to amenities and attractions. The village of La Heredia is close by and provides a restaurant, coffee shop, bar, bakery and butcher. The residents of El Madronal enjoy the peace, serenity and fresh air of country life, with the added advantage to be at 8-minute drive to the coastal resort of San Pedro with its many restaurants, beaches and promenade.