UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY to obtain this wonderful ranch with more than four hectares of almost completely flat land just 20 minutes from the center of Malaga or 30 minutes from the airport. It has a house built on a single floor, with great detail, consisting of six bedrooms and four bathrooms, spectacularly spacious and bright rooms with very high ceilings equipped with wooden beams and rustic decoration, a kitchen integrated into the living room divided into two rooms. The entrance to the house can be made from several doors, from the main door with access to the hall decorated with marble columns and access to the office and bathroom and from the porch area with barbecue that accesses two doors, one per storage room and ironing room that accesses the living room through the kitchen area or another that also accesses the main hall through the back area that is connected to both doors. The entire house has hot and cold air conditioning as well as underfloor heating throughout the house. The pool area has extensive views of the countryside. In the back area there is a completely independent guest house composed of a bedroom, kitchen and full bathroom. Porch area with barbecue and Pereruela wood oven. All interior roads connect each point of the large plot, connecting with the stable area prepared for ten horses in the best conditions, the area being equipped with a kitchen, bathroom and two service rooms. Comfortable riding arena and lots of space, plantation area with 500 olive trees, of which 350 are young with olive trees, orchard area, corral area and its own well. The property also has municipal electricity and water supply. It also has a 300,000 liter tank tank.
In compliance with RD of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of October 11, consumers are informed that the indicated prices do not include the expenses derived from the purchase of real estate according to current laws, (ITP, notarial expenses. etc. ). There are no real estate brokerage fees additional to the sale price.