Newly refurbished penthouse with 3 bedrooms, big terraces and breathtaking panoramic views over the mountains and of the Royal Las Brisas golf course. The property is located next to las Brisas Golf Club and situated in the heart of Nueva Andalucia. This penthouse is truly for someone that values quality, spectacular views, golf and to be close to restaurants and the beach. 

The apartments is facing 3 orientations this brings natural light to the apartment the hole day from sunrise to sunset. With a big terraces surrounding the whole apartment you can easy enjoy the good weather in Marbella.

This penthouse has a very private location not overlooked by any other giving marvellous views from each bedroom and the living rooms. One of a kind and gives you a top of the world feeling. This apartment has been completely rebuilt to a very high standard with every attention to detail, making your stay as effortless and elegant as possible. The accommodation is spacious and well distributed consisting of open plan living room and dining area, illuminated by the afternoon sun. Both have double sliding doors leading on to the terrace.

This lovely large state of the art kitchen boasting top brand appliances together with lovely breakfast bar. 

There are three double bedrooms, master bedroom with en suite bathroom, second bedroom with en suite bathroom and third with a guest bathroom. All bedrooms have wooden parquet flooring and double sliding doors leading out to the terrace giving spectacular views.

The whole penthouse has underfloor heating, build in air condition, with beautiful porcelain flooring, fully double glazed windows and external doors.

In this penthouse you will appreciate the peaceful atmosphere and amazing weather Marbella has to offer, as well as perks of being close to outstanding restaurants café's and to all the amenities. 

With private underground parking and a 24 hours concierge this property has all aminity with private access direct to the Restaurant of Royal las Brisas Golf Club.

1 garage space.