Three bedroom independent villa within the sought after urbanisation of Buenavista, conveniently situated between the pueblo`s of Mijas and Benalmadena, with basement, large swimming pool and mature gardens.
This property enjoys a traditional Andalusian exterior with a modern light bright interior.
The open plan ground floor arrangement consists of living and dining areas, with an enclosed working wood burning fire, semi separate kitchen and breakfast area, an ensuite double bedroom with private terrace and a guest toilet just off the main living area.
The first floor enjoys two further bedrooms, a very large master ensuite bedroom with dressing room, leading to a 26m2 terrace with panoramic views to the surrounding mountains and coastline. The second ensuite double bedroom with fitted wardrobes also enjoys its own private terrace.
The basement consists of a large multi purpose room, a fully equipped utility room and a large garage/workshop leading outside to a conveniently private utility area.
The mature garden consists of three tiers, the top swimming pool area next to the house, the middle tier with sundeck and an assortment of trees and a bottom area also with a sundeck leading to a covered brick and tiled bar/summerhouse. 
This is a rare opportunity to buy one of the original 6 Andalusian style villas, notably  enjoying the largest single plot which completely changes the aspect and feel of the property.  
Detached Villa, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 274 m², Terrace 60 m², Garden/Plot 1031 m².
Setting : Country, Close To Shops, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, U/F Heating, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Satellite TV, WiFi, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Bar, Double Glazing, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone, Solar water heating.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
