We present this authentic, completely renovated cortijo, surrounded by olive groves. It received several awards for their service, their attention and the charm of this privileged enclave You have the possibilities to use it as various retreats. A B&B, a yoga retreat or you could simply rent out one of the parts of the cortijo. The house has been remodelled to maintain its rustic charm without sacrificing modern comforts. The cortijo is divided into two parts. On one side is the original part and on the other side is an annex in the same style. There are two separate residential units with separate entrances. On the ground floor of the old part of the cortijo there are two living rooms, a dining room, a bedroom with a bathroom en-suite, as well as an office and a spacious, fully equipped kitchen. From one of the living rooms you can access an enchanted courtyard with a dining table. Here you can enjoy a good glass of wine under the candlelight. On the first floor there are four bedrooms. All have their own bathrooms, but only three are en-suite. The rooms have been lovingly decorated and exude typical Andalusian charm, with their wood-beamed ceilings and beautiful tiled floors. Two of the rooms have their own terrace with fantastic views of the surrounding countryside and garden area. The 1120 m2 plot is a true oasis with beautiful plants, hidden corners and some lounge areas. Next to the eco pool there is a covered sitting area, where the hot summer days can be perfectly endured. The special eco pool has chemical free fresh water. A dip in it will feel extra refreshing. In addition, there is a covered terrace with a dining table that has an entrance to the kitchen. No matter where you are on the property, you will find absolute peace and relaxation. The annex of the cortijo has a living room, a kitchen, a guest toilet and a storage room on the ground floor. An imposing staircase leads to the second floor where there are two bedrooms, one with a bathroom en suite and a private terrace and another storage room. A patio door in the living room leads to the pool area. There is also a terrace with a dining table here. In addition, there is a large garage on the property, as well as an old annex of the cortijo that could be expanded. Here you could build more bedrooms, a studio or a gym. It offers many possibilities. The cortijo offers parking, a brick barbecue, central heating in both parts of the cortijo, and a toilet in the outside area. We are pleased to be able to present this dream property to you soon, either personally or via virtual viewing. Because this world, it is unique - just like our Axarquía. In Andalusia. On the Costa del Sol. Here, on the sunny side of life...