Welcome to this immaculate Nueva Andalucia apartment. Located in the beautiful residential gated community of la Cerquilla, this great 2 bedroom home is presented key-ready and beautifully furnished. Attention to detail is paramount, and the owner has ensured that every possible fixture or fitting has been provided for the new owners of this gorgeous Nueva Andalucia home.
With secure underground parking accessed via automated gates, this apartment is sold with a large storeroom, located next to the parking space. From here an elevator rises through the incredible clean communal areas of the building and arrives just outside the front door of the apartment. Opening onto a beautiful open plan kitchen, living and dining area, the first impression is of a spacious and bright home, beautifully finished and with south orientation offering views across Marbella´s famous Golf Valley, to the Mediterranean Sea beyond. The kitchen is well appointed with NEFF appliances, and the cupboards are well-stocked with matching glasses and white crockery. Absolutely key-ready! This apartment is a dream home for anyone who wishes to move seamlessly into the wonderful lifestyle that Marbella has to offer.
As a second home, primary residence or as a rental investment this property is worth scrutiny, with the latter offering strong return on the investment. 
Spacious 2 bedroom Nueva Andalucia apartment with open sea views.
This lovely home is within the luxury gated residence of Azahar, in the exclusive area of la Cerquilla, Nueva Andalucia.
"Azahar de Marbella" is a Development formed by 42 dwellings of an excellent design, strategically situated in the best and most exclusive enclave of Nueva Andalucia, Marbella
This residential Development is made up of five buildings orientated towards the south and set on an exceptional plot which, thanks to its design and its modern construction with large terraces, allows all its dwellings to enjoy spectacular views over the Mediterranean sea and the Golf courses.
To be just 5 minutes drive from the beaches of Nueva Andalucía, and yet in a beautiful location with southern orientation and sea views to infinity. That is what you will get with this gorgeous 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom Nueva Andalucia apartment.
Facilities such as a gymnasium, jacuzzi, sauna, Turkish baths, a communal swimming pool and minimalist gardens can be enjoyed in the luxurious grounds of the community. There is direct access to the apartment via lift from the secure underground parking.
This lovely 2 bedroom apartment within Marbella´s Golf Valley is a bright and contemporary home. With open plan kitchen and dining area which leads to the lovely living area, this is a space that makes both a great permanent residence or a super holiday home. With the elevated terrace due to it´s position on the 2nd floor of the complex, the apartment gives exceptional views right across Nueva Andalucia´s Golf Valley to the Mediterranean Sea beyond.
