This great family house of classical Mediterranean style, built up to high-end standards with an elegant timeless touch, meticulously updated by the current owner is situated in one of the most desirable neighbourhoods in Marbella East, Elviria, within walking distance of the centre of the village.
As you approach the property by car, you'll be greeted by a private drive that leads to the basement level. The house offers a closed garage capable of accommodating one large or two small cars, besides the parking available in the drive. Upon entering the house on foot, across the garden you reach the entrance hall, and you'll immediately notice the double-height ceiling, adding a sense of openness and grandeur. To the right, there is a toilette. To the left of the entrance hall, a staircase with artisanal wrought-iron railings leads to the upper level, showcasing the detailed craftsmanship of the property. Continuing to the right, you'll discover a brand-new kitchen equipped with top-of-the-line Neff & Liebherr appliances. The kitchen with a breakfast bar in front of a large French window with a view across the neighbourhood towards the sea is delightful. At the heart of this luxury house, you'll find an exceptionally ample lounge with a fireplace and high ceilings. This central space offers direct access to a semi-covered porch, terrace, and heated pool. To the left on this level, we find two wonderfully sized guest bedrooms, both with direct access to the garden and pool area, sharing a large bath.
Ascending to the upper level of the house, you'll discover the main suite which offers two private terraces providing captivating open countryside and sea views. The suite with a stunning wooden floor includes a walk-in dressing room and a generously sized bathroom with marble finishes, featuring a free-standing bath and a walk-in shower.
Descending to the basement level, you'll find a garage, a wine cellar, a laundry room, a storage room, one sunny and bright, large guest bedroom with a bathroom and direct access to its private garden. Additionally, a smaller room is equipped with a sofa bed, just in case some more friends spend a night over.
A mature, manicured green garden spread with fruit trees and ancient plants, great stonework around the house, and all its architect's details, give this property a special feel when you walk around it. But besides offering such a great feel, peace and privacy, all amenities are only a short walk away: pharmacy, small local supermarket, a few bars, post office, church, doctor, bus & taxi stop, local town hall office, florist, locksmith shop, and more.
The property's main features are underfloor heating throughout each room, a new air-conditioning air-zone system, a filtering system for drinking water, fibre Wi-Fi and TV channels box, a prime alarm security system, and a heated pool.
Prime location and high-quality specifications, amenities nearby, good transport links, and an established area are the key factors to ensure your real estate investment is protected from eventual price corrections in time.
