STUNNING DETACHED VILLA WALKING DISTANCE TO THE BEACH……….. Let us proudly to present this stunning, newly refurbished villa which is located in the highly sought after area of Torrenueva and less than ten minutes walk from the beach! The villa, air conditioned throughout, comprises 6 large bedrooms and 7 bathrooms, 2 open plan kitchens and 2 living rooms, all of which are distributed equally over 2 floors. On entering the property from the main entrance you have a large bright and airy living room with fully fitted open plan and high spec kitchen, 3 of the bedrooms, all of which are en-suite and a guest bathroom. From the living room you have access to a large westerly facing terrace ensuring lots of afternoon sun and from here you also have partial sea views. The downstairs section of the property has it own independent access and comprises 3 bedrooms, 1 of which is en-suite and 2 further bathrooms, along with another open plan fully fitted kitchen and living area. From the living area there are two large sliding door which open up on to the pool area which receives sun all day and is a great area to host parties and BBQ's etc. The pool is of a good size and is heated and also comes with an electric cover which can be used in the winter months or whilst the property is empty. This property would make an ideal family home, given its location and size and proximity shops, bars, restaurants, the beach and various different schools. Perfect for large families and families who like to entertain guests but to also have their own privacy!

Torrenueva is a highly sought after residential urbanisation, it borders La Cala de Mijas where you will find an abundance of top quality restaurants, wine bars, shops and supermarkets and the award winning blue flag beaches. You can walk into the village of La Cala within 15 minutes and the property has easy access to the main A7 highway where you can reach Malaga International Airport within 30 minutes.

This villa really is a must see and will not be on the market for long so contract us today for more info or to arrange your viewing!