Great country house / Cortijo in Gaucin

Amazing country house / Cortijo in Gaucín overlooking the spectacular landscape of the Andalusian mountains,  and the Mediterranean Sea, inviting to a total disconnection while one enjoys the warm sun of southern Spain. Enjoy this fantastic country villa located a few kilometers from Gaucin village and . mountain surrounded by nature, green all year round and with a total privacy.

The property has  4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and a guest toilet inside the house, as well as a guest house in the outdoor area, with 1 spacious bedroom, bathroom, and living.  Total area of the house of 560 m²,  and has south/east orientation. 
The construction is an elegant and spacious house of Mediterranean style, perfect for that country environment.  Cleverly distributed and designed to facilitate functionality, spaces are ample and flooded with light, always giving protagonism to the spectacular sights. Covered terrace with its BBQ area and magic corners, perfect for enjoying outdoor living both in winter and in summer time.

The total plot of 53,000 m², of this exquisite estate, is a true oasis of tranquility. 

Let yourself be mesmerized by its wonderful views and smells. The chain of hills and mountains around it make it perfect to fully immerse yourself in the beauty of Gaucín and its stunning natural landscape. 

Another important centerpiece of the property is its beautiful swimming pool, located on the south side, inviting to spend happy family moments, or simply relaxing and bathing. 

The convenient parking area and garages will keep your vehicles safe and protected from the outside. 

The complete and pleasant well-equipped guest house, with an open-plan living room, bedroom and bathroom, offers a comfortable and private retreat for visits from friends or family.

Experience the comfort of your air conditioning, central heating and underfloor heating throughout the property. 

With high speed Internet, satellite and digital TV, water well with a large tank. The house is sold unfurnished.

Do not miss the opportunity to own this exclusive property and to enjoy the unique surroundings, a peace retreat that will make you a faithful lover of nature and life in the countryside.

