FABULOUS 2 BEDROOM, 2 BATHROOM TOWNHOUSE IN A SOUGHT AFTER URBANISATION OF MIJAS, ENJOYING 2 LARGE COMMUNAL POOLS, LUSH GARDENS AND TENNIS COURTS. STUNNING SUNNY TERRACES WITH BEAUTIFUL VIEWS!!

Possibly one of the finest townhouses on the urbanisation, this southeast facing property has beautiful views from both the fabulously-sized, ground floor terrace, and the upstairs balcony, that both catch the sun all day. Only 2 km from the heart of the picturesque white village of Mijas.

In excellent condition and tastefully decorated with a spacious living room with brick fireplace, leading out through doors to a beautifully spacious south east-facing terrace. The kitchen is bright and fully fitted with all appliances such as a fridge freezer, washing machine and cooker and hob.

On this lower level is a bathroom equipped with wlk-in shower, w.c and basin with a window to the exterior.

Upstairs, there are 2 double bedrooms - both have charming high vaulted ceilings and inbuilt wardrobes. The Master bedroom is ample with a lovely sun terrace with stunning panoramic views of the sea and mountains. There is also a contemporary newly renovated family bathroom fitted with a walk in shower, wc and pedestal sink, pristine with a window to the views even from the shower!

Stunning home with superb sunny terraces, so much charm & yet modern where it matters. A real must see!

Mijas Pueblo or known locally as the white village sits in the foothills of the Mijas Mountains some 428m above sea level. The village provides some of the most stunning and breath-taking views of the surrounding areas down to the coast, inland and the rugged rocky landscape.
The village is not only very popular with tourists visiting for the day or vacationing in the village but with local residents from nearby towns and villages. The attraction of Mijas Pueblo is the authenticity the village provides of the Spanish way of life from the cobbled streets, white washed walls and array of artisan shops and boutiques to the many traditional festivals celebrated from the main plaza (square) sat centrally in the village.