Step into a world of refined beauty and luxury with this contemporary villa, situated in the highly sought after Sierra Gorda Urbanisation only a short 25 minutes' drive to Malaga, Marbella and the coast. This stunning 4-bedroom, 3-bathroom Villa offers an idyllic setting with uninterrupted views, overlooking the Olive fields and Alhaurin el Grande beyond. With breathtaking views of the majestic Sierra de Mijas to the front, and the iconic Sierra Gorda to the rear, this is a truly exceptional residence that embodies both peace and tranquillity.

Step through the main gate and be welcomed by a landscaped garden inviting you through to the main entrance of the villa. Through large framed doors, with timber surrounds softening the white render that we have all come to love, you enter into a large atrium with floor to ceiling windows, flooding this space with an abundance of light. You are immediately drawn to the views on offer, with patio doors leading from the modern open plan living space onto a low maintenance terrace with infinity pool, allowing you to enjoy your surroundings, whether you are in the pool, or enjoying your morning coffee on the terrace. On this same floor, you will find a double bedroom with en-suite and built in wardrobes. Upstairs a further three bedrooms and two bathrooms, with the master suite boasting a walk-in wardrobe, shower room and access onto its own private terrace, again with stunning interrupted views. Below the living area is a spacious 70m2 garage with utility room and machine room, and parking for several cars. 

Step back outside and embrace the contemporary living on offer; tiled terraces with infinity pool, low maintenance garden with flower beds. Stamped concrete driveway leading to the garage beneath the property. With the Villa being brand new, this blank canvass will allow any potential owner to make their own mark. Plant some palm trees, jasmine or the lovely fragranced lavender… let your imagination run wild. 

This is a space where nature and modern beauty intertwine, creating a perfect harmony for an exceptional lifestyle. 

The Villa is 60% complete and allows any potential buyer to have an input on the final touches. 


ABOUT COIN


The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards.


Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C.


There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda.


When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'?


Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos.



The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.