This fantastic building plot offers great sea views and is located in the luxurious area of Sotogrande. The minimum plot size is of 1.000 m2, the occupation on ground floor is maximum 33 % and the buildability of maximum 25 %, ground floor plus 1 floor and máximum 6.5 m high. A basement is also possible.  
The price includes the building project and license for a luxurious modern design villa  with 6 bedrooms, 7 baths. The villa has been designed with a modern architecture, with excellent qualities, living room with a gable roof, separate dining room, fully fitted kitchen, large bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms, large terraces, basement with space for games room, cinema, wine cellar and SPA. Garage for 5 cars. The plot is surrounded by greenery and enjoys panoramic views of the sea, golf and Gibraltar. You can also design your own dream villa.  There exists also the option to buy the completely finished villa for 5.500.000 €.

Sotogrande is a luxury housing development that belongs to the township of San Roque, in the province of Cadiz; next to the Strait of Gibraltar and less than 20 minutes from the Costa del Sol. With modern entertainment and leisure trends, mixed with the traditional style of the Andalusian life; it was founded in 1962 and it is one of the most prestigious housing developments around very famous golf courses  in Europe. An incomparable place which gives to its inhabitants the best services and a large offer: luxury restaurants and hotels, modern and numerous sport facilities to practise polo, golf, tennis, paddle, horse riding and sea sport like sailing; besides spectacular houses. There is a wonderful Marina, one of the main polo clubs in the world. With good connections to visit the cities of the Costa del Sol and to access from Málaga airport or from Gibraltar. There are sandy beaches, equipped with the best security and comfort services. The sun shines 300 days per year in Sotogrande, where all over the year temperatures rarely exceed 27º C or fall below 15º C.

Plot + Project + Building license = 1´000´000 EUR
Completed villa = 5´500´000 EUR
