LOCATION!! 1+1 BEACH APARTMENT WITH STUNNING SEA VIEWS IN SABINILLAS, COSTA DEL SOL!

Descripción
If you are looking for a sublime location, we present this charming 1+1 bedroom apartment on the 5th floor with an elevator in the very heart of Sabinillas, just by the beach with unbeatable panoramic views of the Mediterranean!

The equipped kitchen has an open concept that leads onto the living room. Just recently renovated with a brand new washing machine, microwave, electric cooktop, exhaust fan, cabinets and granite bench top. There's also a renovated Bathroom with a large shower area, new sink with cabinet and toilette. Electric water heater and air conditioned.

Due to its magnificent location, we are surrounded by restaurants, bars, banks, pharmacies and supermarkets. Buses and a taxi rank only a stone's throw away. There's direct access to the beach walk and Sabinillas beach, one of the best on the entire Costa del Sol known for its crystal clear waters, awarded the Blue Flag every year by the European Foundation for Environmental Education. Fresh water showers accessible along the beach.

Rental opportunity:

* The Beach apartment sleeps 3 people comfortably and general parking is free on all Sabinillas streets, where signage does not say otherwise. Alsa buses connect to Estepona and Malaga Airport. The Rock of Gibraltar is a 30min drive to the west.
Numerous Restaurants outside the entrance and along the beach walk caters for all tastes, fresh catch Seafood, Vegan, Italian cuisine and even Argentinian steaks!

* If you are a golf lover Sabinillas is very well located on the "Costa del Golf", just 5 minutes drive to Finca Cortesin and 20 min to world famous Valderrama golf course. Golf courses are in abundance, the closest one is La Duquesa Golf, just up the road.
It is 25 minutes to glitzy Marbella and Puerto Banus luxurious marina

* After a 10 minutes beach walk on the promenade we find the lovely port of La Duquesa with its plethora of restaurants, car hire, fishing and sailing yacht hire

* The Roman town of Ronda is an hour fifteen minutes drive with its famous historic bridge across the gap, with relics, artifacts and many restaurants, it is a perfect day trip

* Julius Caesar's mineral baths, still accessible since Roman times you will find 2km up the road. In Spanish they are named Baños de la Hedionda

* Tarifa, the Southern tip of Spain is a one hour drive and there are fast ferries that take you to Tangier in Morocco in just less than an hour across the straits of Gibraltar.

"Panoramic Seaview next to the Beach"

"New Kitchen and renovated Bathroom"

"Equipped and ready for rental"

"Abundance of Spain's best Golf courses"

"Restaurant & Bar terraces on your doorstep"

"A true blue Mediterranean lifestyle"

Looking forward to your call for booking an appointment to reserve
your ideal beach apartment !

