Three bedroom townhouse in very popular location near Paraiso Golf.

Immaculate townhouse in prime residential area close to amenities, sporting facilities, schools and the beach. This property has been extremely well cared for by its owners and is presented in perfect condition. Off street parking right outside the door enables you to park one or two cars very close to your own private entrance. 

As soon as you walk through the front door, you can't help but admire the view out to the private garden. Facing south east, it enjoys beautiful sunshine for most of the day. To the left of the entrance hall is a bright kitchen leading out to an area that can be used as a utility or storage area. The kitchen is fitted with Siemens appliances and in very good order. The open plan living and dining area has three sets of patio doors leading out to the garden in order to maximise the natural light in the room. It features an attractive working fireplace currently used to decorative effect. The room is elegantly furnished and well proportioned. It leads out to an extended terrace with electric awning and space for dining, relaxing, entertaining or sunbathing and, of course, the large garden. From the garden there is a small gate through which the gardener can access the property to maintain the grass and plants. This gate can also be used to access the community swimming pool. 

Also on this level are the guest toilet and understairs storage area.

Upstairs the master bedroom has a beautiful ensuite bathroom with separate jacuzzi bath and shower, all finished in beautiful travertino marble. The bedroom leads out on to a terrace overlooking the garden with views of La Concha mountain and the Mediterranean. The terrace offers ample space for a relaxed seating area or sunbeds as well as a bistro table and chairs. One of the guest bedrooms also offers access to this terrace. The master bedroom and both guest bedrooms are good sized double rooms with plenty of fitted wardrobes. There is a guest bathroom on this level also and the third bedroom has its own juliet balcony. 

This property is perfectly ready to move into. Extra features include hot and cold air conditioning and an advanced alarm system. Windows have persiana shutters for added security in conjunction with the high quality pvc windows. The property's proximity to golf, tennis, restaurants, shops and schools make it a great option for couples and families looking for a holiday home or more permanent residence.   
