Villa in development of 15 units, situated between holes 9 and 10 within the Golf course, the residential area comprising the immediate surroundings of a five-star hotel, concluded and consolidated. The plot is on a mountainside with enough slope to ensure that the house benefits from magnificent views over the golf course and Sierra Bermeja mountain range and some with views also of the sea. 

The layout of the house consists of, at garden level, a hall with guest toilet, a lounge, a dining room, an open plan kitchen, a laundry, a bedroom suite, a staff/guest bedroom with a shower room ensuite and exit to a patio, and at street level three bedrooms, one with a bathroom ensuite, the other two each with an ensuite shower room.

High quality specifications include dark lacquered aluminum windows and doors with double glazing Climalit, Travertine marble, living room, kitchen and bedroom floors, oak solid wood connecting doors in every room, bathrooms in addition to a bathtub by Kaldewei, model Oval duo, have a separate shower booth. The spacious and light filled kitchen designed by Siematic is fully fitted and equipped with the latest Gaggenau and Miele appliances such as two-door refrigerator; refrigerator and wine cooler; multipurpose stainless steel oven; microwave model, 4 plate touch-control hob with stainless steel frame. 

The villa has an alarm system that is connected to the security office. Flood detection systems, fitted in the bathrooms and kitchen, will immediately shut down the water supply to the entire house, if a leak is detected. Additionally, the kitchen is fitted with a smoke detector. The utility room is equipped with a Miele washing machine and a Miele tumble dryer. There are Daikin solar panels on the roof. Climate control with individual climate control panels in every room. Under floor heating throughout the property, except bathrooms that use a radiation heating system. All the rooms, including the kitchen, have telephone and TV points. 

The house has surface parking for two vehicles and a private pool. The ample garden was designed by one of Spain's top landscape artists and boast from superb examples of trees combined with native vegetation