SOUTH FACING PENTHOUSE APARTMENT IN SANTA MARIA GREEN HILLS ELVIRIA

Immaculate and bright 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms spacious Penthouse apartment with allocated underground parking space. Lovely sunny south facing large terrace enjoying sun all day. Fitted with two electric awnings and mosquito nets. Beautiful sunsets over the mountains and views to the Mediterranean Sea. Surrounded by a natural environment giving total privacy and a peaceful setting within the outdoor terrace area. 

The property is delivered in perfect condition and has never been rented out and feels totally new and ready to move in.

High quality marble floor throughout, air conditioning and heating by ducts. The apartment has recently been decorated throughout.

Lovely spacious Living/Dining Room.

Kitchen included with electrical appliances as well as plenty of kitchen cupboard units with energy efficient wall mounted electric radiator and a separate Laundry Room fitted with mosquito nets and sun blinds. The 2 bedrooms have fully fitted wardrobes together with energy efficient wall mounted electric radiators.  Two fully fitted bathrooms, one of them en suite to the master bedroom, both equipped with double sinks and fitted under sink cupboards.

Beautiful gated community with Tropical Landscaped Gardens. 6 magnificent salt water swimming pools, one of which is covered and heated for the winter season with a glass roof system enabling one to enjoy every day swimming the whole year round. Lift between underground parking and property.

The complex was built in 2005 and is very well maintained. The complex had a major upgrade in 2019 repainting of all the fascades and metalwork and remodelling of the swimming pools including new mosaic tiles, terracotta tiles around the pools and glass and steel  balustrade fencing and new paver walkways. Rear Terraces were fitted with Lumon glass curtains and penthouses with the addition of glass roofs. 

Apart from being surrounded by a natural environment there are also several nearby golf courses.  Under a 20 minute walk to the beach through the forest. Less than 2 kilometres from the Mediterranean coast and the beaches of the area and about 15  minutes drive to the centre of Marbella and less than 40 minutes from Malaga-Costa del Sol Airport. The urbanization is located between the A-7 and AP-7 motorways and therefore enjoys good and quick communications with the rest of the municipalities in the area.  There are many good local restaurants in Elviria together with Banks and Supermarkets. 

