Located in the heart of Benahavis Pueblo, this stunning villa embraces refined living.  Standing on a plot of 1250m2, the design of this 500m2 home offers a harmonious blend of elegance and functionality, ideal for a family seeking a wonderful home with ample space for entertainment.  Perfectly designed, the villa boasts six bedrooms, five of which feature en-suite bathrooms and dressing areas. 
Leading in from the Villa's impressive frontage, is the modern and inviting lounge which seamlessly connects to the dining area with a spacious 10-seater table. The adjacent kitchen, partially open-plan yet discreetly delineated by an attractive feature wall, leads to the rear terrace, pool and gardens through an internal glass-lined patio garden room.  The ground floor also offers a generously sized bedroom suite with its own en-suite bathroom and private patio area. 
Ascending the wide, curved staircase to the first floor, three suites are interlinked by a bright hallway adorned with a glass and chrome balustrade. The master suite, expansive enough to accommodate an L-shaped sofa/chill area, features terraces offering panoramic views of both the mountains and the charming surrounding area of Benahavis. This floor also hosts the two additional suites, both with en-suite bathroom and dressing area.
Descending the staircase to the lower ground floor, past a well-appointed cloakroom, reveals a thoughtfully designed space with bedroom 5 with an en-suite bathroom and dressing area, a cozy bedroom 6 and a central games room. This level also encompasses a machine room and a spacious storage room that could be transformed into a wine cellar or cinema room. The internal garage currently houses the gym area and the whole of the lower ground floor offers flexible usage options.
This stunning villa truly shines, with its inviting swimming pool and chiringuito area with bar and TV, perfect for entertaining with barbecues, or simply relaxing under the Balinese-style chiringuito. 
Nestled in a tranquil corner of Benahavis village, this stunning property offers exclusivity, privacy and security.
