Are you looking for a beautiful home in a lovely community? Look no further than this stunning 3 bedroom, 2.5 bathroom property with a bright and spacious living area, a private swimming pool, and stairless access for your convenience. You will love the easy parking, the modern furniture (optional), and the design kitchen that will make you feel like a chef. Plus, you will be surrounded by 2 of the best golf courses in Malaga, and near the 5 star hotel La Zambra, where you can enjoy a relaxing spa day or a gourmet meal. This is a rare opportunity to live in a dream location with amazing amenities. Don't miss it!

Andalusian style village with stunning views of the sea and the mountains. Puebla Aida village is nestled on a hilltop and surrounded by beautiful gardens, fountains and pools that reflect the Moorish influence of its design. You will feel like you are in a fairy tale as you explore the winding paths and enjoy the scenery.

Puebla Aida Mijas is also ideal for golf lovers, as it is situated within the Mijas Golf complex, which offers two 18 hole courses designed by Robert Trent Jones Snr. Whether you want a relaxing holiday or a permanent home, Puebla Aida Mijas has everything you need. It is conveniently located near Malaga Airport, Fuengirola, Marbella and Puerto Banus, so you can easily access the best attractions of the Costa del Sol.


Semi-Detached House, Mijas Golf, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 140 m², Terrace 100 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Golf, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, WiFi, Utility Room, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private, Landscaped, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Open, Street, More Than One, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
