Double fronted Townhouse, Alhaurín el Grande, 
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 146 m², Terrace 53 m².

An Impressive double fronted townhouse in the main area of Alhaurin el Grande.
It is located in a quiet street less than a minutes walk to the Main street of Gerald Brenan.
The property has 4 bedrooms over 2 Floors, 1 with en-suite shower room
The House is entered into a nice Hallway, 
off to the right is the L shaped lounge and dining room, this has a log burner fire and air-conditioning hot and cold.
There is 3 widows giving plenty of light, currently there is not a lot of furniture as it is only used as a holiday home.
Off the entrance hall to the left is bedroom 1 this is a double bedroom currently with 2 single beds.
Ideal as a bedroom for the elderly or infirm as everything is available on the ground floor.
Next the bedroom off the hallway is the first Kitchen this is compact but fully fitted with everything you need.
It is possible to extend the kitchen into the adjacent bedroom..
at the endo of the Hallway is the downstairs bathroom with WC an shower.
there is also patio doors leading to a shady patio area .
Stairs lead up to the First Floor here you find a Further 3 bedrooms.
Bedroom 2 is a Double with an en-suite shower room.
a door leads out to a nice breakfast terrace to the front of the property, Bedroom 3 a double bedroom also has acces to this terrace.
Bedroom 4 is the smallest but still big enough for a double or Twin guest room.
If an office study id important to you then this would be a great place to locate it..
On this Floor there is also another Guest/Family Bathroom.
A metal spiral stair leads up to the large Roof Top terrace.
Up here there is plenty of room for a jacuzzi with views over the hils and country side.
There is a Gazebo to offer shade at the hottest times of the day.
Off the Roof terrace is a storeroom with a fully fitted kitchen.

This property offers the perfect location to live minutes from Restaurants Bars & Shops. Bus top to Malaga city seconds away.
though close to all this it is in a Quiet residential street, with open country Views.
A property That must be seen to appreciate it but look soon this will sell very quickly.
Contact us today for your accompanied viewing appointment.

Setting : Close To Shops.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Urban.
Features : Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, WiFi, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Near Church, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
