Spectacular villa with private pool and garden in Venta Melchor.

On a plot of 500 m2, its spectacular exterior offers us behind a covered porch, a large swimming pool with outdoor shower surrounded by garden, a chillout ideal to disconnect from the day and a barbecue area to enjoy with friends and family.
Having a private garden gives you the opportunity to provide a safe place for the little ones to play, enjoy the outdoors on summer evenings or take advantage of the winter sunshine. If you like to relax in the comfort of your own home without the need to share public facilities, this villa is for you. 
The rear of the property has parking for 4 vehicles with direct entrance and exit from the house. It has a storage room outside. 

The interior of this spectacular house of 180 m2 is distributed in two floors:

In its lower floor we can find a large fully equipped kitchen with enough space for the dining area. It also has a laundry area. Its comfortable living room with fireplace and large windows provide us with the warmth and light necessary to enjoy both inside and outside the house. 
Going up the stairs, the brightness thanks to its high ceilings and large windows, leads us to the bedrooms. There are two double bedrooms with large terraces and two single bedrooms. All of them with fitted wardrobes and connected to the bathroom with bathtub and shower.

Located close to Venta Melchor, in Vista Hermosa urbanisation, this property is in a gated community with 24 hour security. Located in a very quiet area, with good access to the motorway and just a few minutes from Gibraltar, we can find, next to the property, several playgrounds, green areas and Torrenueva Beach. 

If you are looking for privacy and outdoor space, this house is the greatest gift you can give yourself and your family. Improve your quality of life in a place you will call home.

In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.
