Stunning Contemporary Apartment in Estepona Centre just 300m from Beach.
This is one of the best located apartments in the iconic Residencial Infinity development as it is on the second floor on the west corner closest to the sea and looking straight down Avenida Juan Carlos I to the beach.
The development was completed in 2020 and is ideal for anyone who wants to be based in the centre of Estepona with everything in walking distance. Surrounded by shops, supermarkets, cafes and restaurants, the quaint old town is a 5 min stroll away and the port a 15 min walk along the newly pedestrianised sea front.
The apartment itself is open plan and is entered via a hallway into the dining area, then the  kitchen and the lounge. The large covered terrace wraps around the corner apartment giving views to the sea and across the old town.
Both bedrooms face south as does the second bathroom. The master bedroom has an ensuite and both bathrooms have a heated towel rail.
The apartment was furnished by an interior designer from El Corte Ingles and is being sold fully furnished.
The gated development has a reception area lined with fountains and each portal entrance has a living wall. There is a social room on site as well as an equipped gym with sauna. There is also an secure area for bikes.
The roof top solarium has an infinity pool with amazing 360 degree views of the mountains, the town and the sea.
The apartment includes an underground parking space and storage room.
Estepona is known as the garden of the Costa del Sol for all of the wonderful flowers that adorn every street and the beachfront. The extensive rejuvenation programme that Estepona has been undergoing for the last decade has made it a very desirable place to be.
As the apartment is overlooking one of the main roads to the beach there is road noise when sitting outside however, as it is a working town it stops at around 12.30am and there is no noise when inside the apartment with the doors shut due to the double glazing.
The community allows holiday rentals so it would make a great investment for city breaks.
