Wonderful family villa in the sought after residential area of El Campanario just off the New Golden Mile just a few minutes' drive from Guadalmina, San Pedro, Benahavis, Puerto Banus and Estepona. A great central location where you can get easily to all major towns, schools and golf courses and of course the beach. The El Campanario Golf Club house is next to the villa and there you have a gym, indoor pool, restaurant, bar, hairdressers along with a nursery school close by also.
The villa is set in a quiet road consisting of just detached villas and is set behind electric gates leading to a garage. The villa is traditional andalucian with tiled roof, lots of bougainvillea, vaulted wooden ceilings and ronda tiles mixed with marble flooring throughout. The main entrance hall takes you through to a wonderful living area with high vaulted ceilings and doors taking you to the decked back garden and the covered terrace overlooking the pool below. Being west facing you get sun around the pool area all afternoon and evening with the morning sun being the other side to the decked rear garden. The living room has a feature fireplace however there is also hot and cold air also in the house. Off the living room you will find a functional kitchen with a door leading to the garden. On this level there is what could be a master bedroom with en suite bathroom with patio doors leading down to the pool and garden area. There is another bedroom with en suite bathroom with doors leading to a side garden.
Upstairs you will find another large bedroom which also could be a master bedroom with a large West facing terrace off with views over the golf course and patio doors to a balcony that looks over the pool area. Lots of wardrobe space and a nice sized en suite bathroom. In addition there is a further bedroom on this level with doors leading to a large terrace to the rear of the house.
There is a huge basement area which is a blank canvas to do as you wish of 160m2 in size. It is dry with natural light so can be a play room, divided into further accommodation, cinema room, gym, office the list is endless. From the basement there is access t o t he garage.
Villas rarely become available within this area so contact us to view today we have the keys in the office.
