Andalusian style villa in the heart of Estepona golf. Imagine living surrounded by the two best golf courses in Estepona and go for a walk with your family and get lost in each of the holes of the golf course. Besides having the sea just a few minutes away and being able to see it from your own bedroom. 

The villa is located in the center of a plot of 1,172 m2 which is communicated around the entire villa with enough space to accommodate 4 or 5 cars.

Outside the villa we can find different zones such as a garden area perfect for playing with children by the pool, a chillout style terrace to relax and enjoy the tranquility of the area and even an outdoor dining room for lunches and dinners with friends and family.

The villa consists of two floors, the ground floor consists of living room, kitchen, dining room and two bedrooms with a bathroom while upstairs we find the master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and terrace.

The first floor is accessed through the rustic front door that leads into the living room, with multiple windows for more light during the day and a stone fireplace for a cozy evening. The kitchen has an island and is open to the dining room, fully equipped with NEFF appliances, integrated oven, microwave and refrigerator, also a wine refrigerator, ceramic hob on the island with integrated extractor which can be hidden in the countertop itself for a cleaner view. In the dining room there is a round solid wood table for 6 people and from here you can access the chillout terrace for your digestive. Both bedrooms on this floor have fitted closets and access to the outside.

Upstairs we find the master bedroom with its own terrace, and it is not just any master bedroom, since it has the bathtub literally inside the room away from the rest of the bathroom as if it were a hotel and a terrace to enjoy a glass of wine in the tranquility of Valle Romano.

The property counts with a project approved with license granted for those whose desire is to add an Andalusian patio by the main entrance and 3 extra bedrooms away from the main building.

This villa is waiting for its buyer to visit it.