Whether you are seeking a comfortable family home or an investment venture with great potential, this light flooded villa offers endless possibilities and is one-of-a-kind find on the Costa del Sol. It is located in the quiet area of Nueva Atalaya, situated on a generous 1300m2 plot offering a spacious and private oasis for its residents. 
The villa features 5 bedrooms, two on the ground floor and three on the first floor. Entering the property one is led into the open-plan living area with dining room, a fully equipped kitchen and a cozy living room with fire place. From here, and one of the two bedrooms on this level, you step outside onto a large, covered terrace to enjoy al fresco dining or simply relax while taking in the lovely views of the pool and the beautifully & meticulously cared for landscaped garden.  On this ground level there are also two bedrooms which share a modern bathroom, plus a guest toilet.
The first floor provides a bright living area, which goes out onto yet another terrace overlooking the garden, separating the large master bedroom from two further bedrooms. This terrace is yet another place where one can enjoy absolute tranquility and beautiful sunsets. All three bedrooms on this level share a large & modern bathroom. The master bedroom is very spacious & special due to its windows on three sides, providing plenty of light.
The layout of this villa ensures that each family member has their own space and privacy. The property has been partially refurbished (solar panels, water boilers,windows) to ensure that it is move-in ready. However, it still offers great potential for those looking to transform into a more luxurious home.
Overall, this villa offers endless possibilities – whether you are seeking a comfortable family home or an investment venture with great potential. Don't miss out on this one-of-a-kind find on the Costa del Sol!
The area of Nueva Atalaya is known for its abundance of amenities, including shops, restaurants, and leisure facilities, golf courses and schools, all of which are easily accessible from the villa making it an ideal location for families, plus the beach is only a few hundred meters away. Just a short 5 minute drive away one finds popular destinations such as Puerto Banús, Marbella and beautiful Estepona offering a wide range of entertainment and leisure options.
With its spacious layout, desirable location, and potential for customization, this villa is truly a hidden gem. Grab this opportunity to make it your own!
