Located in the exclusive and tranquil residential area of La Quinta, this incredible villa designed by Ángel Taborda, benefits from privileged location and views of the natural surroundings. The true masterpiece of architectural design that makes this villa stand out from its competitors offering a completely unique experience to its residents. The quality of materials and finishes used throughout the house and high standards of construction makes this villa a representation of timeless luxury and style.  

This modern 5-bedroom villa for sale sits in a southwest facing orientation benefitting from maximum sunlight intake all day long. Contemporary design, clean architecture and spaciousness are words to best describe this stunning villa. On the entrance floor you will find the guest toilet, modern kitchen, open living room and dining area. Direct access to the terrace which is truly exceptional with an east facing breakfast corner and a covered terrace that offers dining and lounging options to enjoy. A few steps down leads to the wonderful swimming pool area.  

The spiral staircase in the hallway is the main feature of the entrance. The upper floor is given to the incredible master bedroom that will leave visitors speechless with its large design, walk in wardrobe and impressive en-suite bathroom with a very large shower.  

The lower level of the house features a huge space (around 400sqm) with second lounge area, dining, and excellent wine cellar. There are four big bedrooms on this level which all lead out to a charming patio area. Three of the bedrooms have en-suite bathrooms and one of them has a separate bathroom. There is also a laundry room on this floor. 

If spacious living is what you are looking for, it does not get much better than this. What is so fantastic about this villa is the endless possibilities for creating more bedrooms if needed as there is so much space to create more rooms if needed.  

In addition, this villa has exceptional parking options with a great garage and large carport where you can fit several cars.  

This quality home is an extraordinary and rare opportunity for those looking for a house with ample space in a peaceful prime neighborhood that's still close to all amenities. Within a short drive you can reach supermarkets, restaurants, nightlife, beaches, shopping and so much more. La Quinta is well connected to the nearby areas of Nueva Andalucía, Marbella center and San Pedro offering endless amenities to keep you entertained all year round.  

A spacious and modern villa for sale in the prime location.