FANTASTIC  LOCATION - SEA VIEWS - NEAR BEACH- HUGE APARTMENT WITH LARGE PRIVATE TERRACE AND GARDEN- REDUCED TO €399,000
An exceptional opportunity to purchase an extremely large apartment that feels like a villa with sea views and only 5 minutes walk to the beach. Located within the exclusive Wyndham Resort located between La Cala de Mijas and Fuengirola. The property is completely built on one level like a villa and there is no other property on either side so you will enjoy 130 meters of internal  space and another 110 meters of terrace and garden. You have wonderful sea views from inside and outside the apartment  and you will enjoy all day sunshine with the south west orientation. Entering the property you walk into a 50 square meter lounge with windows all around bringing in plenty of light and wonderful sea views. There is a separate fully fitted kitchen with windows overlooking the private garden with sea views and a utility /storage room.

There are 3 large double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and the master bedroom has its own en suite bathroom, large wardrobes with changing area and a large private terrace or a sunroom. You have a fully renovated bathroom to be shared between the 2 other bedrooms , Every single room in this apartment is facing exterior  and there are no neighbours on either side so its extremely bright and sunny. There is a specious terrace off the lounge that leads onto the private garden and further terracing. You could have a jacuzzi in the garden as you have a water connection and even a gazebo if you wish. Living on the Wyndham Resort you can pay and use the various facilities such as restaurants, bars ,gym and swimming pools. There is also a supermarket on site and you can walk to the  everpopular Miramar shopping center in 15 minutes . You have an underpass and 2 overpasses to walk to the beach which takes 5 minutes. This unique and spacious property is unlike all the usual apartments that you find for sale. Being an elevated ground floor apartment you can park in your private lock up garage and walk up a few stairs to your property. Contact us for a viewing as this property will sell soon.