Welcome to Villa Perla in El Faro

this unique villa offers everything you could wish for in modern luxury living. The villa has been completely rebuilt during the years 2016-2018.

The technical and constructional characteristics of the house are unparalleled in Spain. All rooms have insulated floors and stylish laminate, wet rooms have tile and underfloor heating, and the outer walls have insulation and double masonry, which ensures excellent energy efficiency. All windows and doors have thermal glass and anti-theft glass
The house has an efficient mechanical ventilation system built by a Finnish company with inlet and outlet air with heat recovery. Three separate ventilation machines distribute air to a residential building, a gym and a garage. In addition, the house is connected to the natural gas network, so the domestic water and the swimming pool are heated inexpensively. In the upstairs living room, you can enjoy beautiful evenings by the gas fireplace connected to the gas network.

Each room has its own separate air heat pump for cooling and heating. In addition, the living room has electric sun blinds on the inside of the window panes.

Villa Perla also offers good opportunities for relaxation in the swimming pool and hot tub on the pool floor with salt water. The swimming pool also has a countercurrent device. The sauna has Helo sauna automation and a timed digital heater. The kitchen/bar on the pool floor has a bar window that opens up electrically in the direction of the terrace.

The security of the house is top class thanks to electronic locking, burglar alarm equipment and camera surveillance. The lift doors in the garage and on the upper level are practical and easy to use.

The apartment house has space and comfort for the whole family; 6 bedrooms, 6 bathrooms, 3 wc, 2 kitchens, 2 living rooms, utility room, storage room for linen and lockers, study with access through a secret door and a gym with air conditioning and mechanical supply/exhaust air. The sauna has two outdoor showers and a toilet.

The garage can accommodate two cars and three motorcycles. The exit next to the garage leads to El Faro beach, which is less than 200 meters away, with restaurants.

The property is sold with movables; two fully equipped kitchens, dining tables, living room furniture, TV chairs, bar furniture, sun loungers, outdoor furniture and all rooms have double beds (14 beds in total) and a sofa bed. In addition, the store includes two large TVs, gym equipment and a garage workshop with tools.

Contact us, we will be happy to present this great property.