In Nagueles, only a few minutes from Marbella center, we can find this completely renovated villa that reached the best energy efficiency certification, keeping a unique style of architecture, for a wonderful living, where the Sierra Blanca mountains rise behind this wonderful location.

The property enjoys a 425m2 plot, very well located and in a natural and quiet environment, it is located 1.5 km from the beach and a few minutes from the shops, bars and restaurants of the center of Marbella.
The house has obtained a CLASS A energy certification with almost zero emissions; It consists of a total of 210m2 built, it is completely independent on all sides: with its main orientation facing South, where it has direct access to its garden with trees and palm trees, and the swimming pool, which provide a situation of true peace.

On the lower floor there is a very spacious living room and open-plan kitchen, two bedrooms, one of them very large with a dressing room and en-suite bathroom and the other with an en-suite bathroom.
On the upper floor there is a bedroom and the master bedroom with dressing room and private bathroom. The two bedrooms have access to a large solarium terrace with views of 65m2.
The property's garden contains fruit trees, a pool area and a covered barbecue area.
On the ground floor, with external access to the house, we find a storage room and laundry room.
The plot allows parking for up to 3 cars.

The house was completely renovated 1 year ago: the installations of 4kW photovoltaic panels and thermal solar panels for domestic hot water allow very low management costs; a salt purifier was also installed to eliminate the lime present in urban water.
Hot-cold air conditioning, with heat pump devices, were installed in each room: they guarantee good air conditioning in summer and winter where you can also enjoy a good state-of-the-art wood-burning fireplace.

The frame that measures efficiency has a total of seven different values, ranging from the letter A - the most efficient - to the letter G, properties with the least energy efficiency. The differences in energy consumption between the different rating letters are considerable.
The letter A is associated with those greener buildings. That is, those that have less than 50 kw/m2 of annual energy consumption. Therefore, for a building to have an energy rating means that the house has good thermal insulation, prevents the entry of heat and cold, and has airtight windows that allow light to pass through.

Nagueles was one of the first residential areas around Marbella, it has privileged characteristics such as luxury surrounded by the charm of typical Andalusian architecture: it has the power to attract the demanding buyer who wants to live close to the city center, but at the same time living in a consolidated urban environment, with a lot of vegetation, which provides a more relaxed and greener environment.