Nestled in the foothills of Mijas Mountain we bring to the market our latest listing. This beautiful 3 bedroom detached villa with the most magnificent panoramic views of the sea and surrounding mountains. Las lomas de Mijas is 400m above sea level, offering an assortment of luxury villas, surrounded by pine trees. Just a 7 minute drive into the picturesque Mijas Pueblo and a 15 minute drive into Fuengirola's bustling town and its beautiful coastline… this really is an idyllic property at a great price.

On entering the gated property you will notice the ample terrace surrounding the top level and leading down to its private pool. Terraces continue around the property and are home to various relaxation areas, all of which enjoy the amazing views down to the sea.

You enter this well distributed property into the main living area. A large welcoming hallway with feature windows, gives access to the living/dining room to the right and an independent kitchen and cloakroom to the left. The bright, modern kitchen is fully equipped and provides ample storage space. 
The luminous living room is a great size with a feature fireplace, however you are immediately faced once again with the magnificent sea views through large patio doors. Accessing a covered terrace, this provides a perfect setting to enjoy the views and warm summer evenings. 

The whole property is very tastefully decorated, with marble floors throughout and is fitted with air-conditioning units.

The 3 double bedrooms can be found on the lower level. All have ample fitted wardrobes and direct access to the surrounding terrace. All have ensuite bathrooms, however one of the bathrooms is accesible by 2 of the bedrooms. The ample sized master bedroom, once again enjoys the beautiful sea views. 

There is a large void area underneath this villa, which could be converted to provide more living or entertainment space should you wish.

A great home for all the family to enjoy, if you are looking for privacy and tranquility… then look no further!