AN EXCLUSIVE  LUXURY APARTMENT FOR SALE IN RIO REAL MARBELLA.
This 2 bedroom apartment is offered for sale in a highly sought after gated urbanisation set in  Rio Real,Marbella!

The beautiful and convenient location is complemented by the resort-style outdoor swimming pools including  sunbathing areas, beautifully landscaped gardens, ensuring the utmost privacy, comfort and tranquillity for the discerning residents. 
Surrounded with subtropical greenery, the property has all amenities close by, including the best sandy beaches and famous beach clubs, chiringuitos, restaurants and bars, shops, supermarkets and golf courses
The attractive apartment offers lovely views over the pool and gardens. 
An open plan living room seamlessly connects the TV-lounge and dining space.
Spacious fully fitted and equipped,  modern style  kitchen, features beautiful  counter tops  and ample work space. The home offers 2 large ensuite and serene bedrooms, 2.5 bathrooms, utilty and laundry. 
Lovely guest bathroom.
The sliding glass doors lead to the wonderful chill-out and al fresco dining terrace, inviting you to enjoy the glorious Mediterranean lifestyle and delightful views.
Views of well-maintained green  communal gardens. There is an included parking space in the underground communal garage.

This fabulous residence comes for sale in an excellent condition, tastefully furnished and superbly equipped, ensuring optimal performance and comfort.
It offers harmonious blend of modern aesthetics, functionality , cosy comfort and  unique features. The property benefits from air conditioning marble flooring and  fitted wardrobes, . 
The neutral colour scheme works well creating a calming mood and stylish image.
This luxury apartment offers the opportunity to embrace sophisticated  living in the exclusive area of Rio Real. Don't miss the chance to make it your new exclusive Mediterranean home in an amazing location.

Middle Floor Apartment, Río Real, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 133 m², Terrace 60 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Central Heating, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Communal.
Category : Golf.
