Heavily Reduced - Beautiful 4 bed Country Villa, perched on an elevated 3000 m2 plot just above the incredibly sought after "La Cala de Mijas" beach town. Offering privacy & stunning panoramic sea, mountain and country views in all directions. Yet only approx 4-5 mins drive to one of the most popular beach towns on the Coast del Sol with its fabulous shops, bars, restaurants and blue flag beaches.

Economically powered by Solar panels to batteries and a back up gas generator. Wonderful large terraces & swimming pool area ideal for entertaining or just chilling in the countryside overlooking the Mediterranean sea.

GROUNDS:

Tarmac roads from La Cala de Mijas beach village, lead all the way to the gate. Then a gravel driveway takes you to a large parking area to the front of the villa. You have an enormous patio terrace area running all along the rear of the villa. To the side you have an enormous patio terrace with swimming pool and gazebo. Both of these areas offer stunning panoramic sea, country, mountain and coastal views. You also have further garden / land areas surrounding the villa on its raised plateau with views.

VILLA:

As you enter the villa, you are greeted with a nice entrance with archway leading onto the main living areas and hallways to bedrooms. The spacious & bright lounge has a central working fireplace and a window to side, plus 2 sets of patio doors to the beautiful rear terrace. Next to the lounge you have a large day room, flooded with light from its glazed arches which overlook and give access to the poolside patio and the rear terrace. From the lounge you access the modern fitted kitchen with oven, hob & hood, integrated dishwasher and fridge freezer. The kitchen leads onto the utility room which has plumbing for washing machine and the solar panel equipment and batteries. The lounge, day room and kitchen running along the rear of the property all have sea, mountain, country and coast views from their windows. All the bedrooms running along the front of the property have panoramic country and mountain views. The spacious Master bedroom plus 2 further double bedrooms and two bathrooms are accessed via the entrance hallway. There is also a 4th guest room accessed from the utility area.

LOCATION:

Situated in La Cala de Mijas countryside just 5 mins drive to the beach & shopping boulevard. La Cala is quickly becoming one of the most sought after areas on the Coast and attracting Celebrity Chefs and Restauranteurs to the area. Along with its original fishing village charm, with Tapas Bars and Restaurants. La Cala is centrally located between Malaga (approximately 25 minutes drive) and Marbella (approximately 15 minutes drive) giving easy access to the entire Coast.

This amazing property will suit so many clients needs and we expect it to sell very quickly at the very competitive selling price we are marketing it at.

Contact us now to reserve or view.