Spectacular Colonial style luxury front-line villa to La Cala Golf Resort for sale with enormous 530 m2 build on 1915 m2 double plot. Breathtaking golf, country, mountain & sea views, genuine bargain.

Only approx. 10 mins walk to La Cala Golf Resort's beautiful clubhouse & hotel with their fantastic on site facilities; three new padel courts, a floodlit hard tennis court, squash court, a fitness centre and a gymnasium. Only approx. 10 mins drive to the extremely popular La Cala de Mijas Beach town with fabulous shops, bars, restaurants and its beautiful "blue flag award" beaches.

VILLA

This property has a driveway with electric gate and off street parking in front of the double garage. It also has a separate pedestrian entrance gate with intercom and stairs down to the entrance patio & porch. After entering the villa you are instantly greeted with a spectacular and enormous entrance hall with a stunning central staircase and tall picture window to the golf views, leading up to the very high ceilings with spot lights and hexagonal ceiling light well with eight porthole windows. This bright beautiful central hallway leads to enormous reception rooms either side, a cloak room and separate WC with hand wash basin and an impressive staircase to a 3rd reception area leading onto to all the bedrooms.

Enormous reception 1 / Lounge with lots of windows plus central fireplace, box coving and spot lights to ceiling, plus large bay window and 3 sets of patio doors leading onto enormous covered terrace no.1 with breathtaking panoramic golf, countryside, mountain and sea views.

Enormous reception 2 / dining room with windows, box coving and spot lights to ceiling, plus large central opening patio doors leading onto enormous covered terrace no.2 with the same breathtaking views as terrace no.1.

Good size white luxury modern and well equipped fitted kitchen / breakfast room with plenty of granite worktop. Windows with beautiful golf, mountain & sea views. Door to garden and hallway to double garage with 6 windows to sides, fitted cupboards and electric opening garage door.

The stunning central staircase takes you to the bedroom level, with a central reception 3, with some storage / utility cupboards and 4 spacious Master bedrooms each with large luxury marble ensuite bath / shower rooms, lots of fitted wardrobes and patio door/s to either a private terrace or central patio garden.

Reception 3 also has windows and doors to a central patio garden. The central patio garden has lovely golf / sea views with staircases leading either side to the beautiful landscaped garden, terrace and an incredible 20 m long swimming pool (ideal for swimmers) with beautiful panoramic country, golf and sea views.

This imposing property also benefits from central air-con, underfloor heating and Italian limestone floors throughout the property. Double Garage and off-street parking behind electric gate. We have also been told by the owner that there is a hidden area off the spectacular central hallway, where a lift could be added.

LOCATION

La Cala Golf resort is the largest in Europe, with three 18 hole championship golf courses and fabulous facilities including; on-site spa, wellness centre, restaurants, 3 new padel courts, a floodlit hard tennis court, squash court, a fitness centre and a gymnasium.

Also only approx. 10 mins drive to the incredibly popular La Cala de Mijas beach town, which is quickly becoming one of the most sought after areas on the coast and attracting celebrity chefs and restauranteurs to the area, along with its original fishing village charm and tapas bars. La Cala is centrally located between Malaga (approximately 25 minutes drive) and Marbella (approximately 15 minutes drive) giving easy access to the entire coast.

Spectacular villa, stunning location, breathtaking views & genuine bargain price, what more could you want, contact us now to reserve or view.