4 bedroom End terrace townhouse with outside garden terrace of 50m2 situated just 500 metres from the centre of Manilva town and just 2kms drive from the lovely marina of La Duquesa and the seaside town of Sabinillas.

This property offers stunning views of the coastline from the upper floor terraces, of which there are 3.

The property comprises of entrance hall leading to the good sized lounge diner, kitchen and downstairs shower room/toilet. 
On the first floor are the master ensuite bedroom with terrace, 2 further good sized bedrooms and family bathroom. 
Stairs then lead to the 2nd mezzanine floor which can be used as a 4th bedroom or family room. This area has access to 2 further terraces.
All rooms have ducted airconditioning with cold and warm air option.

The fully gated urbanisation has a total of 15 houses and includes a private pool area (pool heated from March through to October) and lower gardens with amazing views down to the sea.

LOCATION:

Puerto de la Duquesa really is one of the Costa del Sol's best marinas. Although within easy reach of the airports of Malaga (60 minutes) and Gibraltar (45 minutes), La Duquesa seems like a thousand miles away from the throng of the holiday resorts.

La Duquesa enjoys an advantageous location to the west of Marbella ­ sometimes called "the Other Costa del Sol". The essence in this distinction is that the area retains a vast amount of unspoiled natural scenery and authentic local character - while sharing the fantastic climate and all the excellent services and infrastructure of the rest of the Costa del Sol. This is primarily due to a limited and well-managed development. The result: an ideal balance of relaxed living with easy access to every imaginable amenity. In other words, quality of life.

The beautiful port of La Duquesa offers full Marina services for boating enthusiasts as well as a myriad of attractions for those with no aspirations to take to the water. For those that a do, a number of companies offer Jet Boat, Wake Board, Boat trips and Scuba Diving. The attractive promenades surrounding the port offer a variety of restaurants, intimate bars and cafes in which to while away the days.

Both sides of Duquesa Marina are expansive beaches. Playa de las Gaviotas and Playa del Castillo to the west with Chiringuito Las Gaviotas open in the summer. On playa Sabillias to the east is beach bar Cubanga which is open all year.

DISTANCES:

Approximate distances are:

Malaga Airport - 80 KM (around 45 min on AP7)

San Pedro Alcantara - 18 KM (10 min)

Puerto Banus - 20 KM (13 min)

Marbella - 30 KM (20 min)

Sotogrande - 25 KM

Gibraltar - 50 KM

Malaga City - 85 KM

Seville - 225 KM

Granada - 210 KM
