Welcome to this unique penthouse in popular El Higueron.

The penthouse has an open floor plan with generous social spaces both inside as well as outside and three comfortable bedrooms with storage and two bathrooms, of which the master bedroom has a gorgeous en suite solution. 

The apartment is characterized by high quality material choices and standards, where products from Liebherr, Cortizo & Laminam harmonize well with the modern microcement flooring and the well-thought-out layout. The exclusive design and lighting of the inner ceiling, together with the centrally located fireplace, create an airy and luxurious atmosphere, and through the large windows a 150 sqm terrace opens up that stretches around the entire top floor and offers sun from sunrise  to sunset.

Here you can enjoy a fantastic view of the Mediterranean Sea to the east and south and the mountains to the west and north. In the morning you set the table for a breakfast and watch the sun rise from the Mediterranean Sea and in the evening you unwind in the lounge outside the master bedroom and watch the sun set over the mountains.

This penthouse offers not only an elegant and stylish residence but also proximity to the Reserva del Higuerón Sports Club, a luxury sports and leisure center with 9 paddle tennis courts, tennis court, 4 beach volleyball courts, indoor and outdoor pools, spa with sauna and a well-equipped gym.

The area of El Higueron is one of the most sought-after residential areas on the Costa del Sol, ideally located between the coastal towns of Benalmadena and Fuengirola and only 15 minutes from Malaga Airport. This gated community features 24-hour surveillance with cameras and security guards patrolling the premises. Enhancing convenience, a complimentary shuttle service is available to transport residents and guests to the mall, train station, and beach. Seize the opportunity to enjoy this oasis — your dream lifestyle awaits!


Penthouse, Fuengirola, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 146 m², Terrace 151 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Urbanisation.
Orientation : North, North East, East, South East, South, South West, West, North West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Communal, Heated, Room For Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Port, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Courtyard, Urban.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, WiFi, Paddle Tennis, Tennis Court, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Courtesy Bus, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Luxury.
