6-Bedroom Detached House with Sea Views in Benalmadena
This magnificent house is situated in Benalmádena, Costa del Sol. Benalmádena has a variety of activities so that you can have a good time with your family. For example, Tivoli World is the largest amusement park in the area. Sea Life Aquarium is also a great place to take kids, and the Cable Car will take you to the top of the mountain where you will get stunning views of the Mediterranean and have the chance to see birds in the wild.
Puerto Marina is another must-see location that amazes tourists with its exceptional architecture. It has been named 'the best marina in the world.' Additionally, Benalmádena provides a variety of chances for sports enthusiasts.
The detached house for sale in Benalmádena is 10 km from Malaga Airport, 20 km from the city center, 43 km from Marbella, and a 10-minute drive from A-7 Main Road. Within 1.5 to 2 hours of driving, Sevilla, Cordoba, Granada, Gibraltar, Tarifa, and Ronda can be reached. The beaches and many amenities may be reached by car in about 5 minutes. There are bars, restaurants, banks, supermarkets, shops, and schools here.
Additionally, there is legal permission to add more m² to this large 737 m² house. This house is located on a hillside and makes the most of its location by offering breathtaking views of the Mediterranean and a great level of solitude. It is located on a sizable 10.000 m² land that is divided into two sections: 5000 m² of urban land and another 5000 m² of rural area with a license for horses.
The house is a secure property with a gated entry, fenced border, and private road. Fruit trees and a lot of greenery are available. The land is situated in a neighborhood made up primarily of detached houses. It creates an exclusive, very private region with less traffic.
The 737 m² detached house has 6 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, a closed-plan kitchen, a spa, and terraces.
This villa has two stories and faces the south. It features a glazed interior patio at the entrance that allows the sun in and makes the lobby quite bright; having so much light coming in during the winter is useful for keeping the interiors warm.
There are bedrooms, a spa with a Turkish sauna, a separate kitchen, and a sizable living room on the ground floor. More bedrooms with patios and sea views are located upstairs. Through the lobby, you may access the garden with the infinity pool. A separate outdoor guest apartment with two bedrooms, a living room, and an open-plan kitchen is also available. 
It is a well-kept house from 2003 that is ready for use.