Warm welcome to this fantastic corner apartment with beautiful views and spacious terrace with private jacuzzi, located in the exclusive Reserva del Higuerón.

It is a well-designed, elegant property located on the ground floor with maximum comfort and allows you to enjoy the beauty of the Mediterranean in everyday life. The inviting entrance/hallway leads to the spacious living room and kitchen, with an open and bright floor plan. The room is airy thanks to the large windows that stretch around the entire room, offering a beautiful view of the sparkling Mediterranean Sea and the pool, as well as letting in natural light throughout the day.

The kitchen is open, modern and has a kitchen island that is not only functional but also a perfect breakfast bar. The living room/kitchen has direct access to the generous terrace, making it easy to enjoy meals outside while admiring the sea view.

The terrace, which covers a full 80 square meters, stretches the length of the home and is designed to create different spaces for relaxation. The terrace is equipped with comfortable seating areas in the form of a dining area where you can enjoy meals all year round, a jacuzzi where you can relax after a long day and a laundry room. As the home is located in a corner, it is private and you can enjoy the sun throughout the day and alternate between sun and shade. The entire terrace offers outstanding views of the Mediterranean Sea and is the ideal place to spend time with family and friends all year round. The home faces south/southwest.

The apartment has three well-planned bedrooms. One of the bedrooms is a suite and has a private bathroom and a direct exit to the terrace. The two additional bedrooms share the second bathroom and have plenty of storage space. Both bathrooms have underfloor heating to adjust the temperature.

The purchase of the property also includes 2 private garage spaces, 1 storage room as well as furniture and a jacuzzi. The association is a gated community and here there is a pool that you can use all year round. As the home is located on the ground floor, there is easy access to the home. An elevator is available to get down to the garage and pool area.

The exclusive area of El Higuerón is located between Fuengirola and Benalmadena. Here there is a five-star Hilton Hotel with spa, gym and padel courts, a local bus that takes you around the area, Beach club, restaurants and close to Carvajal's beautiful sandy beach. The train that runs between Malaga and Fuengirola also stops here, which makes it easy to get to and from Malaga airport, for example.

In summary, this residence is a perfect combination of style, comfort and closeness to nature and facilities. The sea view, the generous amount of light and the impressive terrace create a unique and exclusive lifestyle by the Mediterranean Sea and a wonderful atmosphere to live in.

Regardless of whether you are looking for a permanent home, holiday home or a rental investment, this apartment is something you cannot miss.
Note: All information, running costs, size etc are provided by the owner.