La GAVIA 3 BEDROOM 1. FLOOR APARTMENT, REDUCED PRICE: NOW EUR 725.000,-

Beautiful 3 bedroom corner first floor apartment in Urb. La Gavia, beachside in San Pedro, Marbella 


Apartments in one of the best complexes bechside in San Pedro, comes seldom to the open market. 
This 3 bedroom bright corner apartment (built 155 m2) has 3 nice bathrooms which all are ensuite (private) + 1 guest toilet.     
The livingroom is spacy with salon area and dining area. From the livingroom it is access to one of the two terraces. This terrace you can enjoy the morning sun and cool down after  a summerday in the sun. The apartment has a seperate fully equiped kitchen with access to the laudry room. 
From the master bedroom and bedroom no. 2 it is direct access to the other terrace which has sun in the afternoon. The two terraces have in total 33 m2. 

It has just had one owner and has never been rented out. It is in a very good condition. 
The apartment comes with a spacy private parking in the basement and a storageroom.


The La Gavia complex has resently been upgradet both the buildings and the swimming pool. Also the the very nice gardens has been upgradet. 
La Gavia has a perfect posision with just 3 minutes walk to the beach and the promenade with many good restaurants. 
Also just 10 minutes easy walk to San Pedro center including the Boulevard, restaurants, bars, supermarkets, all kind of shops..... All you really need. 


An apartment highly recommanded to visit. 


SUMMARY:
Middle Floor Apartment, San Pedro de Alcántara, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 155 m², Terrace 33 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Panoramic, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Gas.
Category : Holiday Homes, Resale.
