Spacious bright and completely renovated apartment with sea views close to the beach

Panoramic views, spacious 2-bedroom apartment only 400 meters from the beach.

Incredible investment opportunity or a perfect holiday home!

Brand new - fully reformed (ready in the end of November) to the highest standards of quality and with a very good taste of the Scandinavian style, that focuses on clean, simple lines, minimalism, and functionality without sacrificing beauty. This apartment is ideal for those who want to feel like their home is constantly giving them a warm embrace and making their life easier.

Located in El Faro Mijas Costa situated between Fuengirola and La Cala de Mijas.

The urbanization offers an on-site bar/restaurant and there are various bars, restaurants and supermarkets within walking distance. This is the perfect location if you are looking for a peaceful area to relax and unwind, but with all amenities on your doorstep. You can walk to the beach in 5 minutes. A further 5-minute walk brings you to the local chiringuito, which offers live entertainment throughout the summer. There are bars, restaurants, supermarkets, bus stops, all within a 10-minute walk. Just a 2-minute walk up the hill and you feel like you are in the middle of the countryside with fantastic views of the mountains and the sea. Great access to the highway, 5 minute drive to La Cala de Mijas or Fuengirola and to all amenities. Malaga airport is approximately a 20-minute drive from the residence, and the world-famous city of Marbella is easily accessible.

The apartment comprises two very good size bedrooms and two bathrooms with the master bedroom being en-suite and of which has a private balcony with amazing sea views. The second bedroom faces towards the back of the apartment. There is a huge bright and airy living room and a large open plan and fully fitted kitchen. Leading off from the living room there is a south facing fully covered terrace with panoramic sea views. The terrace has the same tiling as the interior and the glass door can be fully folded, achieving a fantastic sense of space by having the kitchen, living room and terrace all connected.

The whole apartment is fully air conditioned, the living room offers a fireplace and all bedrooms and bathrooms are equipped with electric heaters to make the winter days nice and cozy inside.  

The urbanization itself is extremely well maintained and has the beauty of being a very low density building which comprises only 13 apartments. 

The community pool also offers sea view surrounded by the beautiful and well maintained garden.

As the property is south facing you are guaranteed all day sun and it also allows you to fully immerse yourself in the relaxed seaside lifestyle, where you can savor the tranquility of the sea and the invigorating sea breeze throughout the day. Whether it's a morning jog or an evening beach picnic, living so close to the beach opens up a myriad of possibilities for leisure and recreation. Bask in the beauty of panoramic coastal views from the comfort of your terraces, elevating your living experience to new heights. Furthermore, the apartment is bordered by the prestigious Eden Sports Club that is located in one of the most attractive places on the coast surrounded by nature overlooking the renowned El Chaparral Golf.

The Golf Club is situated in one of the most privileged settings on the Costa del Sol, surrounded by fragrant pine forests with stunning sea views.

The property is to be sold fully furnished as seen in the pictures.