This classy luxurious apartment for sale on Marbella's Golden Mile is located in the gated community of Kings Hills within one of Marbella's most exclusive neighbourhoods, Las Lomas de Marbella Club, which is approximately 3 km from the beach and 5 km from Marbella Center. All the luxury amenities of the Golden Mile of Marbella and Puerto Banús (7 min) are at hand.
Distributed on one level, the south-facing property of 383 m2 built enjoys serene views over the gardens, picturesque surroundings and La Concha Mountain, a legendary symbol of Marbella. The apartment has a clear neoclassical design with modern and classy features, lots of natural light, bright feature walls and lots of exquisite design accents. Glam vibe is added with glitz and sheen of deluxe decors feature, a handful of sparkling fixtures, elegant furniture and classy textures. It's certainly a place where you can invite very important people over without having to feel embarrassed.
The elegant living room looks very cozy. The magnificent open plan fully fitted and equipped kitchen boast stunning colour scheme combining vanilla with shades of blue, aquamarine, cobalt and navy blue. Each of 4 bedrooms is customized and decorated in a different style. 2 out 3 bathrooms are en-suite, and there is a guest toilet. The covered and sunny 160-m2 terraces are fabulous; they offer eye-pleasing views, romantic corners and sunbathing, chill-out and al fresco dining areas. A garage and a storage room are included in the price of the property.
Providing ultimate comfort, the apartment on the Golden Mile of Marbella comes in excellent condition, with modern bathroom equipment, air conditioning, double glazing, fitted wardrobes and a walk-in closet, glass doors and other features that will make your living luxurious and super comfortable. Surrounded with similar luxury properties and lush greenery, the high-end urbanisation has concierge service, a communal lift, 3 swimming pools and landscaped subtropical gardens.
Excellent choice!