Duplex PENTHOUSE with panoramic sea views, in a gated communityThe duplex has all the updated renovations.Plated floor, sea views from all directions.Two floors.On the first floor we find a double bedroom, two huge fitted wardrobes , in addition to an en-suite bathroom completely renovated with impeccable taste. The open living room offers us unbeatable spaciousness with floor-to-ceiling windows to enjoy unbeatable views of the sea. The fully furnished and equipped kitchen opens to the living room to enjoy at all times in the company of our guests or simply admire the views that the windows provide us with. On the upper floor, a small hall distributes us to the minimalistly decorated room, with an en-suite bathroom and built-in wardrobes. All exterior. On this same floor we enjoy access to a huge closed terrace with light at the entrance to reserve the laundry. and giving access from a glass door to the rest of the terrace, where we can relax with the unbeatable and crystalline blue waters of the Mediterranean Sea since the clear views invite you to immerse yourself in the landscape. The property has a fairly large garage and storage room. twelve meters. It is an adapted urbanization, with a restaurant, gym, infirmary, green areas for walking, swimming pool, spa and cinema room. Boredom is impossible in this place. We inform you that our agency fees are already included in the sale price, so you do not have to pay any type of expense for management or real estate advice. And that in compliance with the Decree of the Board of Andalucía 218-2005 of October 11, it is reported that the notary, registration, ITP and other expenses inherent to the sale are not included in the price. The information provided is indicative, is not binding and has no contractual value. . The offer is subject to errors, price changes, availability and/or withdrawal from the market without prior notice. Said information may have undergone modifications that have not yet been incorporated. We suggest you contact the company to obtain the latest information and/or confirm the information presented here. We have experience and we have honesty. Professionals in Benalmádena.
