Apartment in Don Gonzalo in one of the most exclusive buildings in the center of Marbella, just 50 meters from the promenade and west facing. The apartment has 3 bedrooms, all very spacious and with open views. The terrace also offers extensive views of the beautiful garden, pool and common areas. The community of Don Gonzalo offers the most services in the center of Marbella, with a concierge service and 24-hour security. It also has large gardens with a multitude of vegetation. The new gym is now under construction. This apartment is next to Marbella promenade and close to many amenities, such as restaurants, the beach, a supermarket, etc all within a 1-minute walk.
Apartment in Marbella center with sea views for sale. This stunning luxury apartment is located in the exclusive complex of Don Gonzalo, in Marbella, Malaga. With a privileged location close to Marbella's promenade and next to the famous Capuccino Grand Cafe, this property offers the best of coastal living. With 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, this flat is perfect for those looking for a spacious and elegant home.

Built on an area of 231m² and a terrace of 50 m2 included, this apartment offers ample space to live and enjoy. The property was partly renovated as kitchen and bathrooms, marble floors,. The community has a security entrance and 24-hour security service, concierge and maintenance services.

One of the outstanding features of this flat is its private terrace overlooking the garden with tropical and fruit trees, and fountains, where you can enjoy the breathtaking views while relaxing outdoors. Furthermore, this flat features a bright and spacious living room, perfect for entertaining guests or simply relaxing at home. The garden area of this community got prices every year as very beautifully kept and has a style of Alzambra palace gardens.

The gated community in which this flat is located offers a large communal swimming pool surrounded by lush Mediterranean gardens. There is also a private garage and bici parking spot near the entrance. The community is located on the 2nd beachline.

With its privileged location, this flat is just a 10-minute walk from the town center, where you will find shops, restaurants and services. It is also close to the port and several schools, making it an ideal choice for families.

In short, this luxury apartment in Marbella offers comfortable and elegant living with sea views, in a privileged location close to all amenities. Don't miss the opportunity to live in this emblematic Marbella community.