A rare to the market cosy and full of character Andalusian style villa situated in only minutes from San Pedro de Alcántara, in a secure and well-connected area, with convenient access to an abundance of amenities within walking distance, including schools. The beach is a very short walk away, Marbella is easily accessible and Málaga airport is just 40 minutes by car. All the best golf courses are also only a short drive away.

A beautiful and bright home which reflects Andalusian charm, with a good distribution and unusually large grounds which surround the property. There is so much detail in the house that you can just warm too, like the wooden beams and exposed bricks, sweeping staircase, entrance hall which just invites you in and wants you to discover more about this enchanting villa. With a generous open plan living room which has plenty of natural light and a unique feature dining area. There is a second dining area off the living room with a traditional bar which just adds to the charming characteristics of this property.

The kitchen is styled around a traditional farmhouse kitchen, featuring charming carpentry, ample storage space and a good amount of counter space. All bedrooms all thoughtfully designed, the master bedroom has a living area and impressive ensuite bathroom complete with double sink, shower and stand-alone feature bath.

Upstairs there 3 of the bedrooms, a tv/relax room and a solarium which is ideal for outside entertaining and enjoying sunset.

The outdoor space of the property is impressive, with many special features, a good size pool, a very large lawn area, also an abundance of fruit trees and covered terraces offering various areas of relaxation and entertainment, perfect for family gatherings, including a charming Andalusian style patio. One of the terraces enjoys an outdoor chimney for all year-round use and alfresco dining, and there is a covered kitchen in the area by the pool.

With plenty of privacy, beautiful trees, lush greenery, ample and comfortable driveway, and a carport.

A real hidden gem, a great choice whether you are looking to find yourself a permanent residence, holiday home, or an investment. Ideal for holiday rentals, with tourist licence.