This is a great opportunity to make a good investment! In the Riviera del Sol, near the popular sports club, you will find this bright and pleasant residence with a sea view.

The home is located on the first floor and is a spacious home with lots of natural light. When you enter, the kitchen is on the left, which is fully equipped with new appliances and a separate storage room/laundry room is in the room next door. In the living room, AC is installed and the room is open, bright and has direct access to the lovely terrace. From the terrace there is a free and beautiful view of the Mediterranean Sea and here you have a nice, sunny place to use all year round. The floor plan of the apartment is well planned as the kitchen, living room and the terrace form part of the apartment and then there are the 2 large bedrooms and the 2 bathrooms in the other part of the apartment. In this way, you have a sleeping area and a socializing area, even if everything is on the same level. Both bedrooms are spacious and have built-in wardrobes with lots of storage options, there is also a ceiling fan. In one of the bathrooms there is a shower and in the other a bathtub.

It is a quiet area with only 10 minutes walking distance to the beach. As I said, there is a sports club just around the corner with, among other things, padel, tennis and a gym. Within a short walking distance there is also the center of Riviera del Sol with bars, restaurants, grocery stores, beach club Max Beach, bus stop with buses to Fuengirola and Marbella and more. It is close to the access to the A7 and AP7 motorways, which makes it easy and quick to get across the coast, for example to the airport, Fuengirola, Marbella, etc. In the association there is a lovely pool area with a large pool, children's pool, showers, sunbeds and umbrellas.

It is easy to park outside the residence and it is a short distance from the parking lot to the residence, which makes this residence unique in this community. Water is included in the association fee and most of the furniture is included in the price.

This is a great investment for those looking for a permanent or holiday home, considering the good location and the fact that it is close to the beach... Book a viewing today!

12 min Fuengirola
15-20 min Marbella
30 min Malaga airport

PS. All numbers, fees, size is provided by the owner.