Beautiful this Penthouse on Avenida Juan Sebastián Elcano, Pedregalejo - Morlaco

Non-negotiable price.

Spacious penthouse a few meters from the beach in one of the best areas of Pedregalejo. Second floor of a beautiful restored building, with a patio and common areas on the plot.

It occupies the entire surface of the building, presenting the four orientations. Very bright, with views of the sea and the mountains. Excellent communication with a bus stop at the same door. Shopping area and schools nearby.

The current distribution is 9 rooms with 6 bedrooms, a new-build kitchen, a full bathroom and a toilet, both of which are new. It has an outdoor terrace. It is an ideal penthouse for academies, offices, offices or clinics due to its current distribution and visibility. Also for housing with enormous possibilities.

Electrical installation and telephone and network sockets available in all offices. Air conditioning, new PWC closures, new doors adapted to the functions described. Available for immediate sale.

Real estate fees included in the price.

Salesperson managed by Susana.

The data displayed is merely informative and has no contractual value. The offer is subject to errors, price changes, omissions, availability and or withdrawal from the market without prior notice.
In compliance with Decree of the Government of Andalusia 218/2005 of October 11, the client is informed that the notary, the registry, the ITP, intermediation commissions and other purchase expenses are not included in the price.

"All our rates include 21% VAT (Decree 218/2005, of October 11.)

Don't hesitate to call us to visit it!

Our telephone service hours are Monday to Friday.

9 a.m. to 2 p.m. and 4 to 8 p.m.
Basic characteristics

170 m² built
6 rooms
2 bathrooms
Balcony
Second hand/good condition
Built-in wardrobes
North, south, east, west orientation
Built in 1936
Individual heating
Building

2nd floor exterior
Without elevator
equipment

Air-conditioning
Energy certificate

Consumption:
Emissions:
See energy rating label