RESERVED

Fantastic family home located in popular, convenient location for sports facilities, supermarkets and local schools. 

Despite this villa being ready to move into, it also offers much potential for those wanting to develop a property to suit their needs with options to build extra bedroom suites, a guest apartment, basement cinema room or gym to name just a few possibilities. Located in the family friendly area of El Paraiso Alto (Benahavis municipality) with views to the Mediterranean, a private garden with pool and easy access, it's a great option for those looking to live in the area full time. Its proximity to Bel Air Tennis Club, El Paraiso Golf and Los Flamingos Golf also ensure that it will be of interest to those seeking to create the perfect holiday home or rental property. 

The plot is accessed via an electric gate with driveway leading to a parking area and garage while the path continues around to the front door of the villa. An impressive double height vaulted ceiling greets you upon entering, leading through to a wonderfully bright, dual aspect and spacious living and dining room with access out on to the terrace and garden area. The fireplace in the living room serves the radiators providing heat throughout the property. There are also single room air conditioning units positioned in various rooms of the villa. The large, dual aspect family kitchen offers a breakfast bar/island as well as an area with table and chairs for informal family meals and access out to the terrace. The master suite, also on the ground floor, benefits from a lot of natural light thanks to its corner position. It's a very large bedroom with ensuite bathroom and separate dressing area. Also on this floor you will find a guest toilet with shower and door leading down to the garage, office and workshop.

Upstairs, two double, well proportioned bedrooms share a family bathroom. One of the rooms offers commanding views across Paraiso Alto and to the Mediterranean. Both rooms are bright and welcoming, creating a beautiful space for guests or family. 

As only part of the villa is currently built on two floors, there is potential for extra bedrooms to be constructed on the upper floor. In addition, there is currently an extensive but undeveloped basement (accessed from the garden) which could be converted into a guest apartment, cinema room, games room, gym etc. 

This beautiful villa must be seen to be appreciated.