Villa for sale in Sierra Blanca, Marbella Golden Mile

Surrounded by pine trees and vegetation of the prestigious Sierra Blanca, on the Golden Mile of Marbella, this magnificent newly built private estate, with a generous double plot (5106 m²!) and stunning panoramic views, is a dream home for who prefer elegant Mediterranean style, classic chic and modern comfort.

Welcome to "Villa Tocatta", which is among the best houses on the Costa del Sol. Integrated in a dream Mediterranean environment, it has been built with top quality materials and offers luxurious design and state-of-the-art comforts. The classic principles of scale, balance, proportion and symmetry are present, and gracefully features detailed treatments of doors, windows, walls, stairs, columns and other beautiful elements.

The extraordinary mansion impresses from the moment you enter its welcoming foyer, a striking classic double staircase foyer with double-height ceiling. It leads to a spacious main living room with a modern fireplace and different seating areas, a TV room and an exquisite formal dining room. A high-end, fully equipped open plan kitchen with breakfast area and coffee corner is linked to another charming dining area. Precious!

On the ground floor there is staff accommodation with independent access, a machine room and a professional laundry. The lower level is not a basement, but rather a ground floor that takes advantage of the natural slope of the land. This is a great advantage because the private rooms, entertainment rooms, SPA and fitness area (with gym, sauna, steam room, jacuzzi and adjoining facilities) benefit from natural light, sun and fantastic views. Another large room on the ground floor can be used as a separate guest apartment.

The main floor houses 2 of the 7 bedrooms; They share a living area and both enjoy open views of the sea. The upper floor features 2 guest suites, a living room, an office and an extraordinary master suite with beautifully designed and finished his and hers bathrooms, dressing areas ideal for displaying the collections of fashion designers and a private terrace with stunning views. On the lower floor, 2 bedrooms sharing a bathroom have direct access to wonderful subtropical gardens with a stunning heated swimming pool, exotic roof cabana and a beautiful pool house area, many chill-out and outdoor dining areas for Enjoy the world famous Mediterranean lifestyle.

We can only hope for the best. The property has a noble and pleasant palette of natural colors, excellent marble floors, panoramic glass doors and glass cellar, built-in wardrobes of quality carpentry, large and practical dressing room of exceptional taste and quality, large garage, covered terraces and sunny views, solarium and private balconies perfect for enjoying sensational Mediterranean sunsets, a glass of wine or an iconic morning cup of coffee. Imagine: 653 m² of terraces surround your 1,299 m² villa!

And the views! Stunning views! The south-facing mansion offers a stunning panorama of Marbella and its coastline, across the sparkling Mediterranean to North Africa and the two legendary Pillars of Hercules flanking the entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar.

The luxurious facilities and features of the high-end property will make your life beautiful and comfortable. This property has it all! Modern and stylish, environmentally friendly and energy efficient, it has solar panels, central heating, air conditioning, underfloor heating (throughout the house), double glazing, decorative ceilings, alarm, video intercom, water tank, etc

This extraordinary villa has an exclusive address. It is located in the old and elegant residential area, closed and with 24-hour security, of Sierra Blanca, one of the best and most coveted neighborhoods in southern Europe, a few minutes from the sandy beaches, golf courses, all the amenities of central Marbella, the famous Golden Mile, epitome of luxury, extravagance and opulence, and Puerto Banús, the glamorous playground of the rich and famous.