Now you have a great opportunity to buy a brand new villa in one of the most popular residential areas of Costa del Sol, La Sierrezuela, Mijas Costa, only 3 km from Fuengirola. The villa has 4 bedrooms, 4,5 bathrooms, open views, private pool and private driveway where you can park several cars. Parking for two cars covered with a pergola and awning.

The plot is west facing and we promise that you will never get tired of the view or the sunsets you see here! 

Sierrezuela is a very popular area with only private villas. The location is perfect, the closest amenities are in 1,4 km (bakery, pharmacy, supermarket, cafeteria, a few restaurants, china shop, vet, etc.). Carrefour is in 2,5 km, center of Fuengirola in 3,5 km, beach in 4 km and Malaga airport in 25 km (20 minutes drive).

So what do we have here? Find here some of the features of the villa and please book a private viewing and we´ll guide you through the rest of the details while we visit the villa: Large salon with lot´s of natural light and a fireplace. Spacious kitchen. Guest toilet and 4 en-suite bathrooms in all the 4 double bedrooms. Numerous built-in wardrobes in all the bedrooms and elsewhere also. Laundry room, under-stairs storage, spacious machinery room (including pressure unit and de-calcifier). Separate room that can be converted into a gym, office, spa, etc... Private swimming pool with separate room for pool equipment and provision for hidden pool cover. Sliding gate for vehicular access and a pedestrian gate with video control.

Air conditioning in all the rooms, heating and cooling control system, both local and remote, internet based AirZone. Under-floor heating (electric in all 4 bathrooms and hot water pipes for the downstairs bedrooms). Solar panels and heat-exchange unit on roof for hot water, AC and under-floor heating. Alarm system and fiber optics internet. Irrigation system around the plot and raised planting areas. Strong foundations with steel/concrete piles into the rock sub-strata, up to 11 m deep.

Welcome to visit this dream villa.