This villa is a superb modern villa with a prime location in Nueva Andalucía. 

The villa offers ultra modern architecture adorned with white exterior walls and floor to ceiling windows. Its southwestern orientation not only allows for plenty of sunshine throughout the day, but offers panoramic views of the surrounding area and Mediterranean sea. Generous terrace space encapsulates the ground floor, catering to alfresco dining, chill-out and sunbathing areas. An outdoor BBQ area is also located on the terrace. A stunning infinity pool that measures almost the same width as the property serves as the ideal place to enjoy Marbella's pleasant weather. The unique shape of the pool adds a layer of allure to the outdoors. 

The ground floor is seamlessly connected to the outdoor spaces, allowing for the perfect flow of indoor and outdoor living. The property also benefits from a covered carport by the entrance. The interiors are just as impressive as the exterior, showcasing impressive interior design that is just as aesthetic as it is functional. The living area boasts an open plan layout, with the comfortable living room offering direct views to the outdoors. The furniture and fixtures exemplify the attention to detail in the design. Adjacent is the dining area, which also provides incredible views to the terrace and outdoors. 

The bespoke kitchen is elegantly designed with wooden carpentry and a marvellous marble kitchen island, as well as offering state-of-the-art Gaggenau kitchen appliances. The kitchen island has a smaller dining table connected for added versatility. The terrace on the upper level surrounds the rooms, with a charming chill-out area ideal for watching sunset or unwinding. 

Spanning across 3 levels, the upper level is reserved for the bedrooms and illustrious master bedroom. All bedrooms have been designed to maximise comfort as well as remaining stylish in design. The master bedroom benefits from sweeping views and terrace. The master bathroom is an added plus to the space with a stunning stand alone bath tub and marble accents across. 

This Villa has everything you will ever need, with the lower level of the property being reserved for the incredible amenities which include an astonishing entertainment room with a bespoke pool table, wine bodega, cinema and custom bar. There is also a home gym and a lovely sauna. A television room is also located on this level for added entertainment. Underfloor heating runs throughout the property for an extra layer of convenience and luxury. 

This Villa has everything one would ever need: incredible amenities, astonishing outdoor terraces, impeccable interior design, sweeping panoramic views and a prime location in Nueva Andalucia and is truly the top real estate offering within its category in Marbella.
