Exclusive Mediterranean villa,  modern and with  spectacular views!
Enjoy the comfort and luminosity of this wonderful Mediterranean-style villa, where its peculiar design combined with modern elements will captivate you. Located in the prestigious private urbanization called La Capellanía, this property offers you not only comfort, but also stunning views of the bay of Benalmádena and Fuengirola, as well as the sea and mountains.
Strategically built on a hill, the architects took full advantage of the topography to ensure that all villas enjoy expansive views, privacy and the beauty of native flora. The luxury chalets are located on large plots, providing an exclusive and quiet environment.
The villa is divided into several areas to maximize space and comfort. On the main floor, you will be welcomed by a spacious living room with two large windows that give access to a generous porch. You will also find a bedroom, currently used as an office, a kitchen with a laundry room and a bathroom. In addition, on the same floor but completely independent, there is an apartment for service staff, consisting of two bedrooms, a bathroom, living room and kitchen.
Through an elegant glass staircase or the comfortable elevator, you will access the second floor, where the master bedroom area and the other rooms are located. The master bedroom has two terraces, one of them glazed, which will allow you to enjoy the impressive views all year round. In addition, it has a spacious bathroom with a shower, a dressing room and another office with a fireplace. Next, you will find two bedrooms, each with its own bathroom. Although this area is the least renovated part of the house, it is still charming and cozy.
Do not forget that notary, registration, ITP and other expenses inherent to the sale are not included in the price, in accordance with compliance with Decree of the Government of Andalusia 218/2005 of October 11.
Don't miss the opportunity to acquire this exclusive villa and live in the Mediterranean paradise! Contact now for more information.