'Un Paso Mas' is a unique cortijo style villa very close to Guadalmina Club house, in Guadalmina Alta.  The interior exudes character with beautifully patterned antique terracotta tiles.  

There are four double bedrooms, each featuring its own ensuite bathroom. The spacious master bedroom has been exquisitely designed and includes both a shower room and a jacuzzi bath.  There is also a guest bathroom. 

In the cosy living room you will find beautiful high, exposed beamed ceiling and a grand fireplace.  The high beamed ceiling adds a touch of rustic charm, and the room has plenty of natural light.

Connected to the living room is a sunken dining room, creating a sense of intimacy with sliding doors leading  to an expansive covered terrace.  Views of the pool and garden can be enjoyed from the terrace.  A unique mezzanine office space also adds a lot of charm to the living room area.

The heart of the home, is the spacious kitchen, fully fitted and designed for both style and functionality. Antique white wooden cupboards complement the classic style, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. The double sink adds convenience to daily chores, and the kitchen window opens onto a quaint courtyard.

The villa has a convenient two car garage, providing secure parking for your vehicles. Within the garage is a dedicated workshop space, fitted wardrobes and plenty of storage.

A thoughtful addition to the property is the well-designed laundry room, complete with ample storage and a pantry.  Ceiling fans and air conditioning ensures a comfortable climate throughout the villa.

The pool with retractable roof enables year round swimming with an outdoor shower area.   The wrap-around tranquil walled garden boasts mature avocado, orange, and lemon trees that provide not only shade but also a delightful fragrance. The garden is a blend of lawn, artfully arranged tiles, and pebbles.  An ornamental fountain also adds charm to the garden area.

A convenient gate provides direct access to the road and the nearby golf course. A raised vegetable garden, special storage area for wood and ample terraces all add to this well thought out property.  It truly is one of a kind!