FABULOUS 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT IN ARROYO DE LA MIEL, BENALMADENA COSTA! WALKING DISTANCE TO THE BEAUTIFUL BEACHES, SHOPS, BARS & RESTAURANTS!! A MUST SEE! COMMUNAL POOL & PARKING

On entrance to the wonderful open plan living-dining room with the fitted kitchen equipped with oven, hob, dishwasher & washing machine. Enjoying an arched view through to the lounge and looking out to the sunny terrace - the ideal place to dine "al fresco", entertain and relax.

Enjoying 2 double bedrooms, both feature inbuilt wardrobes. There is also a family bathroom with a bath with shower attachment, w.c and basin.

A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY!! Parking, communal pool and walking distance to everything including the beautiful town of Arroyo de la Miel and the train station so can easily pop to Fuengirola or Malaga, the airport too! Truly must be seen to be appreciated!

Benalmadena costa has a numerous and varied selection of hotels that align the beach front, the main road and side streets of this popular tourist destination. The main area of Benalmadena Costa lies between the award winning marina and the area of Torrequebrada which is home to Benalmadena's only casino.
Within this area there are plenty of restaurants, bars, clubs and entertainment venues that cater for many nationalities. There is also the marina, offering a range of boating and water activities, a Sealife Centre plus a plethora of bars and restaurants.

Arroyo de la Miel is a small but modern town that lies between the village and the coast and is the central point for Benalmadena's local and foreign expat community to dine, be entertained and shop. It is also home to Benalmadenas train station that links the resort to Fuengirola and Malaga via the airport. The bus service is similar to that of the village with a few additional routes that go to the urbanisations along the Benalmadena coast. This has made Arroyo de la Miel a popular commuter town. Here you will also find Tivoli World theme park, the cable car which runs to the top of the mountain and Selwo Marina, one of a handful of places in Spain where you can swim with dolphins. You will also find the famous Paloma Park with its native rabbits, peacocks and chickens and the lake, which makes this a great day out for children and adults alike. There is also an auditorium where musical events are held

The apartment is fully air conditioned in all rooms, has a fully equipped kitchen, good sized private south facing terrace and lift access.

Perfect apartment for a small family holiday or those looking for a convenient "winter stay" property! Discounted rates available for multiple week bookings and even bigger discounts for stays of 2 months and over in the Winter periods!