Introducing this stunning 3 bedroom and 3 bathroom ground floor apartment for sale in Marques de Guadalmina.

This is a contemporary complex with modern architecture and enjoys large well kept gardens with several communal swimming pools, children's playground, golf green , paddle court, gym, sauna and jacuzzi. Therefore, offering world class facilities with the comfort of not having to leave the urbanization!

Stylish design, bright, privacy, spacious are words to describe this fantastic apartment. The corner positioning also gives the property that extra bit of privacy and space.

The property consists of an entrance hall, spacious combined living, and dining room with direct access to the terrace and private garden, sleek open plan kitchen with high end appliances, three bedrooms including a master bedroom with en suite bathroom an a separate guest toilet / laundry room.

Each bedroom is tastefully presented and has its own terrace with beautiful and unobstructed beautiful views.

There is no better way to start your day!

This property has unbeatable luxury finishes such as kitchen changed in design and equipped with luxury built in AEG appliances, built in fresh coffee expresso cappuccino machine, Quooker instant boiling water and filtered and cooled drinking water (a cup of tea straight away available), domotic system installed throughout, electric blinds, Airzone AC system (each room can be controlled separately), Securitas alarm system, LED lighting, glass curtains and so much more.

2 wide easy parking spaces in the underground garage and 1 extremely large storage room are included in the price.

The location is unbeatable as you are ideally positioned bordering the areas of Marbella, Benahavis and Estepona.

But also the supermarket or the international school are only a few hundred meters from the apartment.

This means all areas and all facilities are easily reached in just a few minutes! If you are a golf lover, you have Atalaya Golf and Country Club just around the corner and you are only a 4 minute drive from the beach.