Built in a unique environment this villa is surrounded by green hills of the municipality of Benahavis, famous for its rural beauty. Those who prefer to live in a quiet environment will fall in love with this admirable countryside. It is ideally located close to the five star golf resort - Marbella Club Golf Resort with its outstanding amenities. Here you can play golf every day or enjoy riding a horse. The development features its own charm, elegance and classical architecture combined with Andalusian landscapes. Beauty, privacy, modernity and comfort characterize this south-facing villa. The views from the property are spectacular, overlooking the Mediterranean and the picturesque surroundings. The house is only at 15 minutes away from Marbella and 10 minutes from Puerto Banus.

The villa is located in a picturesque area. Living in the house you can always enjoy stunning views. You will not cease to admire the sea views that will open from the windows of the house. Also, the development offers breathtaking panoramic views of golf course, mountains, and green wooden hills. The villa has a 4.500 m2 plot with a swimming pool and solar panels. There are covered terraces on the ground floor. You can use them for a barbecue zone and a lounge area. The house is well proportioned in terms of layout. It is spacious, and consists of 6 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms. The house has enough space to spend time with the whole family, meet friends or relax alone. Next to the kitchen there is a separate dining room where you can gather and dine with loved ones. This splendid property also has a gym and Turkish bath so you can always stay in shape. Also the house has cinema room and large game room.

The villa's interior is particularly elegant. On the ground floor there is a spacious living room. Next to the living room is the dining room and the kitchen, which have access to the covered terrace. Also, on the ground floor there is an office, a gym and Turkish bath.
On the second floor there are 4 bedrooms with magnificent views, each with its own bathroom. Entertainment areas are located in the basement of the house. It has a large game room and a separate cinema room.