This property embodies everything that is classic elegance. This farm that inspires sports
of traditional Spanish haciendas boasts an unrivaled position in the luxurious gated complex
The Hills community in La Quinta. This emblematic villa offers a perfect combination of classic style.
and contemporary elegance. Inspired by traditional Spanish haciendas, Spanish
Corner 15 offers residents a striking façade adorned with natural stone. He
Triangular roofs and charming traditional tiles position residents in the south
Spain.
The outdoor spaces of this property are the piece de resistance, with elegant pavements.
decorating the terraces. The terraces offer plenty of outdoor seating areas, from various
from outdoor dining areas to multiple lounging areas. The south orientation of the property gives
residents with expansive panoramic views of the surrounding area as well as stunning sunrises
and sunsets. The interior of Spanish Corner 15 is as extraordinary as its exterior, perfectly
incorporating the stone details from the exterior. The highlight of this space is customization.
Kitchen with a modern design, which effortlessly combines aesthetics and functionality. The master piece
of this property is possibly the floor to ceiling window in the living room, allowing for impeccable
Views of the Mediterranean.
The neutral tones and attention to detail from the designers at Cogitari Homes create a relaxing environment.
atmosphere. With a total of 5 exquisite rooms, it is the main room that really
stands out. Its ceiling is adorned with elegant dark brown wooden beams, reflecting the
Triangular shape of the roof, which infuses a touch of tradition inspired by the Spanish style of the property.
Estate design. The room is further enhanced with luxurious stone and wood details, and a
attractive freestanding bathtub that increases its appeal. An impressive walk-in closet elevates the feeling
of luxury, while the master bathroom offers the perfect sanctuary to relax and pamper yourself.
This property features a range of personalized amenities such as a fully equipped home gym,
a tranquil treatment room and a unique entertainment space. The presence of these amenities.
not only makes this property the perfect place to host meetings, but also ensures that
Residents can enjoy leisure and entertainment without having to leave the comfort of
their own house.