This apartment is located on the front line of the beach in a quiet area with excellent access to the beach. It is a two-bedroom apartment with a family bathroom that has been recently renovated. The fully fitted kitchen with an 18 m2 diner/lounge opens out to a covered terrace of 16 m2 + 60 m2 patio, where you can enjoy a good barbecue with a glass of wine and listen to the waves of the sea. 

The apartment is on one floor, making it easily accessible from the parking. The urbanization has gated access directly out onto the beach and a community swimming pool. 
The apartment is in good all-round order, and viewing is highly recommended. 

The location, Puerto de la Duquesa, is one of the best marinas on the Costa del Sol. Although it is within easy reach of the airports of Malaga (60 minutes) and Gibraltar (45 minutes), it feels like a thousand miles away from the throng of holiday resorts. The beautiful port offers full Marina services for boating enthusiasts, and the attractive promenades surrounding the port offer a variety of restaurants, bars, and cafes in which to while away the days. 
The price includes parking, and there are low community costs.  The apartment has good rental potential, so don't hesitate to visit!


Ground Floor Apartment, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, Built 83 m², Terrace 60 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : North East.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Views : Beach, Garden.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Handicap access.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Bargain, Beachfront, Cheap, Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
