This is a lovely, spacious, 2-bedroom apartment in an elevated location in the urbanisation of Duquesa Village. It is one of the bigger units on Duquesa Village.  Even though the apartment is at ground-floor level, it has a commanding position that still permits stunning sea and mountain views.

Its standout feature is a very large (34 m2) & well-appointed partly shaded terrace with space to both dine comfortably with a big group of friends and family and still offer a generous lounge seating area. Perfect for ‘al fresco' dining and entertaining. 

The apartment is built to a high-quality specification with marble floors throughout, electric shutters, electric wall heaters, a fully fitted neutral-toned kitchen with quality white goods, a large ventilated utility/drying room, and cold and hot air conditioning throughout.

As you walk into the property, you come to a large and welcoming entrance hall.  The kitchen is fully fitted and has direct access to a good-sized utility room.  There is a hatchway between the kitchen and the living room, which makes it very practical to pass plates and dishes through to the dining area.  There is also the possibility convert this into an open plan kitchen with island for those who are fans of open-plan living.

The living / dining room has large balcony doors that lead out to the fabulous terrace.  The apartment has two spacious double bedrooms and bathrooms.  The main bedroom has an ensuite bathroom with a walk-in shower.  There are glass balcony doors that lead directly out of the main bedroom to the terrace. 
Imagine waking up in the morning, walking out onto the terrace with a nice cup of tea, and soaking in the fabulous views.

The apartment comes with a private parking space in the underground garage and a lock-up storage room. 

Duquesa Village is excellently maintained & is an established urbanisation with mature communal landscaping that offers all year round colour. Residents enjoy access to five communal swimming pools, sunbathing terraces, and communal paddle tennis court. 
 There is also 24 hour security entrance in and out of the complex.

It is located on the Duquesa Golf Urbanisation and internal roads connect it to the Marina de la Duquesa with its amenities, cafés, bars and restaurants. There are also local bars at Monte Duquesa which is 10 mins walk away. There are beautiful ‘blue flag' status beaches in the area and some great mountain walks. Gibraltar is just 25 minutes away & Malaga just under an hour both having International airport access. The kite surfing opportunities at Tarifa are also a reasonable car journey away.

A fabulous apartment - excellent location and excellent views!

Come View with Me!