This elegant 5-bedroom house in Marbella area is offered for sale in exclusive La Quinta Golf Resort. With its prestigious location, stunning panoramic views, exquisite contemporary design and luxurious amenities, it will offer you a remarkable living experience.

Nestled in a unique ecosystem of the Costa del Sol, the quiet and beautiful residential area is located around La Quinta Golf & Country Club, just 10 minutes from the Mediterranean Sea. Known as Marbella's district or a part of Nueva Andalucia, it actually belongs to the municipality of Benahavis. The prestigious La Quinta is made up of several small-scale urbanizations with high-end villas, townhouses and apartments. You will have access to a fantastic range of leisure facilities, the 27-hole golf course, Golf Academy, restaurants, bars and cafés, SPA, gym, etc. 

La Quinta Golf's Clubhouse with a gourmet restaurant and a scenic terrace
is the social hub of the area. Adjacent to the golf course, the 5* hotel Westin La Quinta Golf Resort & Spa ranks among the top 5 in the region. All the amenities of Nueva Andalucia, Puerto Banus, San Pedro and Marbella Centre are within minutes' drive.

Surrounded with luxurious properties in La Quinta, the spectacular 744-m² villa with 102-m² terraces sits on a plot of 1.574 m². It enjoys incredible views of the Mediterranean Sea, legendary La Concha Mountain and emerald-green golf courses. The fabulous multilevel property features 5 en-suite bedrooms with sea views, 7 bathrooms and 2 guest toilets. You will enjoy the luxury features, which include a solarium with Jacuzzi, indoor and outdoor heated saltwater pools, sauna, Turkish bath, wine cellar, gym, etc. 

The upper floor (4th) invites to enjoy sea, mountain and golf views from the solarium with Jacuzzi. The 3rd floor has a wonderful terrace with outdoor kitchen and barbecue, heated saltwater swimming pool and same breath-taking views as from the solarium. Exuding luxury and comfort, the living and dining room is connected with an open plan and fully equipped sleek kitchen with Miele appliances. This area has direct access to the terrace and outdoor pool area. The Master suite has an ethanol fireplace, luxurious bathroom walk-in closet and terrace to have your morning coffee and admire delightful views. 

The 2nd floor hosts a technical room and 2 guest suites bedroom with access to the terrace. 2 more guest bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms and terrace you will find on the 1st floor. The ground floor offers everything you need for taking care of your health and well-being, including a SPA-area, indoor heated pool, sauna, Turkish bath, gym, massage room and wine cellar. The garage has space for 2 cars. Lift effortlessly connects all the levels of the house. 

The magnificent, eco-friendly and handicap accessible home epitomizes modern opulence. It comes for sale in an excellent condition, impeccably furnished and beautifully presented. Natural light floods it from the huge floor-to-ceiling.