Middle Floor Apartment, Fuengirola, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, Built 57 m², Terrace 6 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Marina.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Indoor, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Central Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Gym, Sauna, Utility Room, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment.
Excellent investment opportunity!
Has a tourist license!
2 outdoor community swimming pools, 1 indoor pool, Fitness, sauna and much more!

This beautiful apartment is located in Fuengirola, just 5 minutes from the beach, the city center, the famous "Sohail Castle" with lots of annual musical and other cultural events. The famous shopping center "Miramar" offers 160 shops, including the most prominent fashion brands such as Massimo Dutti and Zara, Carrefour hypermarket, 12 cinemas and many international restaurants and cafes for every taste. This apartment is only 5 minutes from it all.

It consists of 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, a spacious and bright living/dining room with access to a south-facing terrace and an open kitchen. From the living/dining room and the terrace you can enjoy the fantastic panoramic view of the Mediterranean Sea, the city and Sohail Castle. The entire apartment is built in a modern style with indirect light in the ceilings, electric blinds and is fully furnished with modern and very comfortable Nordic style furniture, all to give you an experience and feeling of relaxation and joy as soon as you step inside this home.

The building offers a very inviting entrance and 2 elevator, completely new fitness and wellness facilities. It includes 2 outdoor pools, 1 indoor pool, gym, Finnish and steam sauna (Turkish sauna).

Private parking with charging station for electric cars and utility room included.

Outside the building you can find a brand new playground for the children and a green area.

If you have never been to Fuengirola, you will be surprised by all that Fuengirola has to offer. Located very close to the Malaga capital, Fuengirola is a city full of fun, culture and Mediterranean style. It is the perfect place to live or to have your holiday home. 
Even with it´s international ambience, it has still succeeded in keeping the authentic style and atmosphere.  

You will fall in love with Fuengirola! 

Distance:
Distance: Malaga airport: 25 km (17 min.)
Beach: 5 minutes
Fuengirola centre: 5 minutes
Marbella: 20 km (15 min.)

