Newly built apartment in a new residential area in La Reserva, Sotogrande.One of he best blocks on the complex due to the views and privacy. With contemporary architecture surrounded by nature and a wonderful cork oak forest. It has exceptional common areas, a gym, paddle tennis, and swimming pools. This complex is ideal for a family home due to its safety and ample green spaces or a great second home due to its proximity to Gibraltar Airport. It has sun all day and overlooks a green zone. 

The apartment is on the first floor in the intimate block. · 3 bedrooms with their own bathroom plus a guest toilet, a 60-meter living-dining room with an open plan kitchen with a dining room and a laundry area. The property is situated ideally near supermarkets, bars, fashion stores, restaurants, playgrounds and markets. 
La reserva Tennis, padel, golf, private beach and lagoon are all within 5 minute's walk.

Sotogrande is an International destination forged in the 60s, which has grown offering its inhabitants a lifestyle unique in the world. With an intense social life, Sotogrande is a place to enrich everyday life with unforgettable memories. Its beaches and its protected forest are where you can contact nature.
Today it is the venue for international sailing, polo and golf competitions.
Sotogrande stands out for its beautiful Marina, with traditional architecture. 

The best courses in Europe are located next to Senda Chica, the Real Club Valderrama, home of the Volvo Masters and the Ryder Cup, and La Reserva Golf Club. Just 5 minutes away we find the Real Club de Golf Sotogrande, alcaidesa and La Canada. A short drive you will also find Finca Cortesin home to the Solheim Cup.

International Centre for the Practice of polo, renowned tournaments are held that are social events, surrounded by facilities to feel very comfortable during the matches. Sotogrande is a place of horse worship, it has several renowned equestrian centres.

Together we find one of the most prestigious educational communities, recognized globally. Sotogrande International School is passionate about learning and focuses on values.

This property is a great investment and key-ready. I would recommend a viewing.
