Sale of fully furnished luxury flat with fantastic sea views up to Gibraltar and views to the golf course in a sought-after location! 
Opposite the harbour of La Duquesa. 
Present yourself in a spacious residence of 134.42 sqm, which has been carefully refurbished with great attention to detail to the highest standards of luxury and sophistication. 
the highest standards of luxury and sophistication. 
The large living room is equipped with unique furnishings, hand-picked for the ultimate in elegance and comfort. 
Cypress trees line the breathtaking view of the crystal blue Mediterranean Sea from the adjoining terrace. 
The spacious master bedroom with en suite bathroom has large built-in wardrobes, is luxuriously furnished and a separate terrace invites you to enjoy your morning coffee. 
coffee in the morning. 
The refurbished bathroom has a hydro-massage bath for relaxing spa evenings. The 2nd bedroom has a further terrace with 
view of a romantic vineyard and is furnished to a high standard. 
The guest bathroom has a large walk-in shower and is equipped with elegant fittings. Comfort and style come together here. 
A fully equipped kitchen with utility room (washing machine and tumble dryer included) is fitted with high-quality Siemens/Bosch appliances. 
A brand new hot/cold air conditioning system in all rooms ensures a pleasant indoor climate and high-quality security doors and a reliable 
security service guarantee security, even if you are not on site. 
A very large underground car park and a spacious storage room naturally belong to this very exquisite flat. 
The most beautiful golf courses in Andalusia, the luxury harbour of Puerto Banus/Marbella are within easy reach and the charming harbour of La Duquesa is within walking distance. 
within walking distance. 
This unique furnished property, located in an exclusive enclave, combines style, comfort, elegance and accessibility for the discerning buyer. 
buyer. We invite you to a private viewing and experience the luxury first hand with a good glass of champagne. 

