Beautiful contemporary Villa with panoramic views of the countryside located a short distance from the town.

It is distributed over 3 floors as follows:
Entrance floor: Elegant Hall with a beautiful open staircase, large living-dining room with views of the olive grove and mountains, fully well-equipped kitchen open to the living room with access to the terrace, laundry room with access to the outside and also a guest bathroom. On this same floor there is a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom (the same one that is also accessed from the laundry room).

The upper floor is made up of 2 large bedrooms, one of which is the large master bedroom, lots of natural light and beautiful views of the countryside, with a large dressing room, access to a large sunny terrace, and a beautiful bathroom with a large walk-in shower. The third bedroom is also very spacious with access to a terrace with views towards the entrance and the town of Villanueva del Trabuco.

The semi-basement is made up of several rooms that are very flexible in their uses, starting with the spacious garage for one or two cars, plus space for storage, another room is currently used as a gym, another room for the pump of the pool, in another room is the machine room which is currently used as a workshop, and finally where the staircase is there is also a lot of storage space with a large closet.
The elegant driveway has 2 automatic gates.

The outdoor area is very easy to maintain with a small garden on one side, on the main terrace there is a beautiful 16-meter-long heated pool ideal for swimming lovers surrounded by sunny terraces with a lot of privacy and panoramic views. There is a barbecue area with a dining table with built-in awnings.

The property is in perfect condition and has been very well built, it has solar panels for hot water, hot and cold air conditioning, windows with safety glass with mosquito nets, wood burning stove, large water deposit tank, fibre optics, TV international via Internet.

This property has a First Occupation License in place.

Plot 402m2. Total build side 278,94m2. Semi-basement 102,16m2. Ground floor 100,74m2. First floor 76,04m2.
There are no community charges. IBI 531,06€ per year.
Year of construction 2011.

Distances:
Center of Villanueva del Trabuco 2km.
Villanueva del Rosario 7km.
Archidona 13km.
Antequera 35km.
Malaga 50km.
Malaga Airport 56km.