Fabulous Duplex Penthouse with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms of 320 m2 in one the best areas in Marbella Centre

Fabulous Duplex Penthouse with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms and an office of 320 m2 for sale in one of the most sought-after areas of Marbella Centre.  
This stunning penthouse offers a luxurious and contemporary living experience. The property has been completely renovated to the highest quality standards. This includes modern and upscale finishes and fixtures. A private elevator is available, ensuring accessibility and convenience. Spanning across two floors, this duplex penthouse boasts breathtaking ample spaces. 

The lower level of this duplex apartment features a spacious and luminous living area and fully equipped open plan kitchen and a beautiful natural wooden floor.
There is a large kitchen island of 3 meters long with a bar for having dinners with friends and family. Furthermore it is equipped with a´Bora´built-in extractor, a quooker for direct boiling water, an electrical wok, griddle  and a wine cooler. It has a large American fridge with freezer, dishwasher, oven and a microwave. The separate laundry and storage room is well located behind the private elevator and stairs.  

The main floor also features a luxurious master suite of grand proportions, within the master bedroom itself you can find a spacious rain shower and a large stand alone bathtub as well.  
Behind the spacious master bedroom there is a perfectly positioned dressing room leading to the bathroom and a private toilet. On the other side of the main floor the two other bedrooms are located and perfectly distributed with their corresponding bathroom. 

On the first floor there is cristal glazed terrace which opens completely for total retreat for relaxation and/or leisure, with a large solarium just as spacious as the main floor, perfect for organizing gatherings with family or friends. 

The solarium has different covered and uncovered areas, as well as an enclosed kitchen, an office and a bathroom, making it the perfect setting to spend wonderful evenings enjoying views to the Mediterranean sea and la Concha mountain. 
This penthouse equipped with an alarm system and has  air conditioning in all rooms. It also has 1 garage space and a storage room included in the price providing convenience and security. 
