Fantastic townhouse located in Benalm치dena Pueblo, offering a 100% renovated interior and boasting a private pool. This stunning property combines modern amenities with traditional charm, providing a comfortable and luxurious living space. Situated in the heart of Benalm치dena Pueblo, residents can enjoy the convenience of nearby amenities while relishing the tranquility of this picturesque location. Don't miss the opportunity to own this exquisite townhouse with its own private pool in one of the most sought-after areas of Benalm치dena
An incomparable property! This wonderful house is located in the heart of the beautiful white village of Benalm치dena Pueblo and offers all the modern comforts while maintaining its original and unique character. We are talking about a construction from 1560 completely remodeled and made new in 2022! The materials have been chosen with great care in order to maintain the soul of the house and unite modernity with history, the walls are made of exposed stone and vintage, a true luxury!

We access the house through the ground floor where we find a bright and spacious L-shaped space where we have on one side a very cozy living room area with a beautiful wood-burning fireplace and on the other a large modern fully equipped kitchen, dining room and access to a charming Andalusian patio, a true oasis of peace. The floors are made of micro cement with a very refined line that highlights the natural light that enters through the numerous windows, all with safety glass, the beams of the ceilings and the walls.

We go up to the 2nd floor by the beautiful polished concrete staircase and we find the 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with shower, one en suite in the main room, the floors on that floor are made of wood to give more warmth to the environment, on the other hand all the house has underfloor heating by aerothermia as well as pre-installation of air conditioning.

Finally we find the top floor with the jewel of this property: a relax area with a barbecue and a heated pool to enjoy the tranquility that the area provides and the impressive unobstructed views over the village, the mountains and the sea. From every corner of the house we enjoy timeless views of the pueblo with its trees and squares.

The property is a gold mine as an investment but it is also a treasure for those who want to enjoy it as a 1st or second residence.