Off Grid Finca

.   The most glorious views
.   Peace, tranquility and privacy
.   Beautifully presented
.   Views of Yunquera in the distance
.   Pellet Burner
.   Breathe and relax
.   Workshop

Nestled within the hills of Tolox, this off-grid finca offers a unique and secluded retreat, providing an unparalleled connection with nature. Surrounded by Olive and Almond Trees are able to embraced by the tranquility of the countryside, this hidden gem promises an escape from the hustle and bustle of modern life.

Property Details:

As you ascend the winding track to the finca, breathtaking panoramic views unfold, revealing the picturesque landscapes of the Tolox and Yunquera hills. The property is perched on a vantage point, allowing you to witness awe-inspiring sunrises and sunsets that paint the sky with a myriad of colors.

If you are looking for a property that immediately gives you a feeling or relaxation then this is the property for you.  As soon as you arrive and breathe in the mountain views you feel your shoulders drop.   The owner has recently upgraded the property with new solar panels, new batteries and a pellet burner making this property a very comfortable, energy efficient home.

A shaded terrace to the rear of the property welcomes you a necessary cool spot during the summer months.  To the right is a separate utility room.  Entering into the property you are drawn to the views that are framed by the patio doors and a window to the side aspect framing the view of the village of Yunquera in the distance.

The kitchen is open plan to the lounge area making this room a real social feel with access to both terraces this is a property to entertain should you wish to do so!  The property has three double bedrooms the master with the added luxury of an ensuite bathroom and patio doors leading directly to the terrace.  The guest bathroom is located between bedroom 2 and 3.

The rear terrace is particularly special, the owner has created several seating areas to enjoy the panoramic vistas.  The right of the terrace sitting to the rear of the terrace is a workshop.

The property has 8 Solar Panels and 2 Lithium Batteries plus a generator (the generator is seldom required approximately 11 times in the last 2 1/2 years)
A water delivery of 3,000lts costs 55€.  During the winter the owner orders water every 4 -6 weeks, during the summer a delivery every 3 - 4 weeks (the owner has lots of plants).  The owners has several water deposits for storage.   10,000ltrs.  6,0000ltrs.  2,000ltrs and 2,000ltrs.

Outdoor area and Land:

Mainly hillside, easy to maintain

Views:

Panoramic mountain views

Access:

A mixture of track and concrete, a 4x4 is advisable.