This is a very unique apartment due to their location and views which in many cases is the perfect match!

The first thing that strikes you when you enter the apartment is the fantastic and breathtaking views over sea, la concha and Marbella. From every window in the apartment you can explore the views which is amazing and the views is even better in reality than on pictures, you must to see it!

The apartment is on the 11th floor (of 12) in the building and located in one of the best areas in Nueva Andalucía. The urbanization is a fully gated complex and has both a huge garden and a large pool area to relax and spend time with your friends and family.

From the beginning there was two separate apartments that the owner did put together as one. Therefor this apartment is quite unique because it is unusual with apartments this big in this complex. The apartment is extremely bright due to all the windows in several directions. Usually there was a 2-bedroom apartment but has been reformed as a single bedroom apartment with a much bigger and spacious living room with an open planed kitchen and dining area next to it. Next to the dining area there is also a small extra space that could easily fit a small bed. The big bedroom has been fully renovated in 2023 with new windows, floors and wardrobes. In the living room you have hot/cold air-condition, Wi-Fi and TV connection is installed and ready to use. On the same level there is also a storage room that belongs to the apartment. All furniture will be included in the price.

Outside the main entrance of the house there is several parking spaces and outside the urbanization there is even more parking spaces to be used.

If you are appreciating amazing views and want to live close to everything, this is an ideal apartment for you.

The urbanization is well-runed with low community fees. Both water and electricity are including in the community fee.

Within five minute´s walk you have Supercor Exprés, Mercadona, a wide range of restaurants, bars and even tennis and paddle courses. Within just 10-15 minute's walk you will reach Puerto Banús with its exclusive stores and first-class restaurants and the beaches that surrounds it.

If you want to visit the city of Marbella, San Pedro de Alcántara or Estepona there is only 5-15 minutes driving by car.

By walking distance you have both good bus and taxi connections.

For the golf enthusiast there is several golf courses not far from the complex. The closest one would be the club the golf Aloha.

Due to this excellent property and popular location, you can expect high rental profitability.