Fabulous opportunity to buy a 2 bedroom apartment walking distance to all amenities and the beach.  Located in Alamar  close to  Lidl.  This apartment is in excellent condition and was refurbished within the last two years and is being sold fully furnished.

Walk into the apartment and on the right you have the nice bright sitting/dining room with two terraces, one of which is shared with the master bedroom.  To the right of the entrance hall you have on the right handside a fully fitted kitchen and utility room, on the left you have two double bedrooms, the master bedroom being ensuite with a bath  and with the shared terrace to the sitting room, the  2nd bedroom has a small Juliette balcony  and there  is also a 2nd bathroom with shower beside the this bedroom.  The apartment is south west facing.

The apartment also has underground parking space and storeroom.

Alamar has a really nice pool area and landscaped gardens it also has a Paddle Court.

The complex is enclosed and has a 24hrs security at the entrance.

One of the best aspects of the apartment is it's location only 12 mins walk to the beach front where you also find the fantastic boardwalk and can walk all the way to Cabopino.  There is a Lidl beside the complex and you are less then 10 mins walk into the centre of La Cala and have plenty of restaurants and supermarkets on your doorstep plus the 9 hole La Noria Golf Course.

This apartment is ideal to live in all year around or use as a holiday home and has a great rental potential.

Not many apartments come up for sale now walking distance to all amenities in the area and second hand apartments are excellent value in comparison to the New Builds. 
Einer der besten Aspekte der Wohnung ist ihre Lage, nur 12 Minuten zu Fuß zum Strand, wo Sie auch die fantastische Promenade finden und den ganzen Weg nach Cabopino laufen können.  Es gibt einen Lidl neben dem Komplex und Sie sind weniger als 10 Minuten zu Fuß ins Zentrum von La Cala und haben viele Restaurants und Supermärkte vor Ihrer Haustür sowie den 9-Loch-Golfplatz La Noria.

Diese Wohnung ist ideal, um das ganze Jahr über zu leben oder als Ferienhaus zu nutzen und hat ein großes Vermietungspotenzial.

Nicht viele
