Now is the opportunity to buy a wonderful Cortijo just outside Málaga. It is located in a lovely rural location where you can see the lights of Málaga in the distance among the mountains. The planes that are about to land at Málaga airport can be seen silently going down for landing. You can't hear them! 
There is a wonderful silence in the place despite the central location, only the "river" below roars faintly and certainly you have to put up with the crickets that play the hot summer evenings. It is about 25 km to the airport and the same distance to the beach. You drive down to the dip in the Mediterranean Sea in about 30 minutes, when you have finished swimming you leave the hustle and bustle of the coast and go home to peace and quiet again.

In the village, El Sexmo, there are a number of bars, a bakery and some other little things. A rather lively village with a good location close to Málaga and Cártama.

Cortijon is about 100 years old, added to and remodelled in stages. Most recently in 2006. There are quite few documents on the renovations so you have to make your own judgement on the size and nature of the property. It is about 150 m2 in living space, 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. All in very good condition and very neat and fresh.

There are three bedrooms which are light and airy. Two bathrooms in very good condition. In addition, laundry room with exit to where you hang the laundry in the sun! Living room division into 2 rooms, one with a cosy fireplace. The other serves today as a dining room. The kitchen is really a country kitchen. Plenty of cupboards and storage space, the covered patio, makes it easy to serve breakfast, lunch and dinner to yourself, family and friends.

The entrance to Cortijon is via a gravel road in good condition, it has an electric gate into the property which is almost completely fenced with good fencing.
There is a large garage building on the plot adjacent to the pool. Here is all the machinery for the pool, water filters for the house, etc.  
Cortijon has a lovely garden with fruit trees, olives and much more. Great cultivation opportunities or just let the garden be as it is. It can be a fantastic place for those who want to work in the garden all holiday, but it can also basically manage itself completely with little effort from you. 
Cortijon has a lovely large pool that is in good condition. Perfectly located in the sun all day. 

The place has been owned by a Swedish couple since 2017 and they have now decided to sell due to age, move to an apartment that makes life a little easier. It gives you the opportunity to take over this place on earth. Make it your own sanctuary and create a private and cosy home in Spain. Full-time or part-time!