The property resides a 5-minute drive from the south gate, a stone's throw away from the equestrian center and a two-minute drive to the club house where you will find two truly magnificent golf courses which are some of the amenities that La Zagaleta has to offer.  

This magnificent property is accessed by its sweeping driveway that leads to the impressive double door entrance and glass façade where you can see straight through to the incredible sea views beyond.  There is parking for 10 cars at the entrance or you can use the turning circle to drive down to the underground garage for 4 cars.  The property has been built on flat level plot of 5.394m² that enjoys outstanding sea, valley and mountain views from all levels of the villa.

The double door entrance opens onto a grand hall with double height ceiling and the show stopping loft style floating staircase that leads all the way up to the rooftop solarium.

On this level you will find the formal living area, dining room that seats 12 and the large kitchen with top of the range appliances, cooking island and floating dinning table.  All of which enjoy outstanding sea, valley and mountain views through the floor to ceiling windows and doors that lead onto the spectacular outdoor terrace and garden area with a fully fitted outdoor kitchen and BBQ area, magnificent swimming pool, manicured and private rear garden.  On this floor you will also find a separate TV room, pantry, beautiful office with mountain views, one of the guest suites and the guest toilet.

The first floor is separated into two wings, one of which includes the very large master suite boasting panoramic views, his and hers full bathrooms and walk in wardrobes and one of the guest suites, across the glass gallery to the other wing there are a further 2 guest suites one of which has a private terrace.

The lower level of this villa offers a sensational full indoor spa which has a heated swimming pool with a top of the range counter current swimming machine, sauna, steam room, full bathroom and changing area.  A fully equipped gym, large entertainment room with a pool table, bar and lounge area.  A climatized wine cellar, the one-bedroom guest apartment which includes a fully equipped kitchen and bathroom.

A rooftop solarium that makes the perfect chillout area to sit back and enjoy the unbeatable views.  

Home automation system, underfloor heating throughout, integrated A/C and heating system, sound system throughout the whole property including outdoor terrace areas.