Exceptional villa located on the Golden MIle in Marbella. Just 3 minutes from the beach!
Distinctive in style, this is an estate like never before!
Plus in the best location - walking distance to Puente Romano, home to the best restaurants in Marbella. 
Residents will have access to a subway leading directly to the beach and the seafront promenade just a 3 minute walk away.

The kitchens are high-end personalised and customised in design and materials, with waterproof surfaces and laser finish up to the ceiling.
Natural oak melamine finish and gently rounded edges, integrated handle or push-up system where appropriate and impact resistant edges. The skirting has a smooth graphite-coloured aluminium finish with an insulating profile on the bottom edge, state-of-the-art hardware, hinges with a silent closing system and concealed shelf supports.


Villa built on 4 levels, including basement and roof terrace. Featuring 4 bedrooms, pool and outdoor cinema on each roof terrace, and hot AND cold air conditioning in the living room and bedrooms. Fully finished individual private basement which has an independent entrance hall and vestibule, bathroom, laundry where applicable and multi-purpose storage area where applicable with direct access from the garage. 
Direct access to the house from the private basement via a private lift and private staircase that connects the private basement to all floors of the house, stopping at all of them. The adaptability of the basement provides plenty of space for a home gym, spa, bedroom or studio. The kitchen is equipped with top quality Miele appliances.
The property includes underfloor heating throughout the house, with the exception of the private basement, using hot water pipes and mounting panels to increase the sound insulation of the house.

The villas are fully enclosed with beautiful gardens, the centre of which is a shared large swimming pool. 


House area 300 m2
Terrace area 230 m2
Garden area 92 m2
Basement 75 m2
Parking area 65 m2