If you are looking to escape to the country and experience a new way of life or maybe looking to start up an exciting new air B and B business, then look no further as this hidden gem will tick all the boxes. 

This historic finca is located on the periphery of the Rio Grande, in the heart of horse country, 30 minute dive to Coín, and 40 minutes to the centre of Málaga.

Situated in a stunning setting with far reaching country views and is spread out over 12,960m2 of useable land with ample space for horses, Yurts/glamping pods, vegetable patches, orchards, and even the opportunity to grow your own hay.

This spacious farmhouse offers over 300m2 of built space, which currently includes a newly renovated one-bedroom annex, with open plan kitchen diner, double bedroom and bathroom. There is also the original two-bedroom house which boast high vaulted ceilings with exposed beams, open plan kitchen living, one double bedroom with access onto a private terrace and a mezzanine level currently used as a bedroom. 

Furthermore, there is scope to add an ensuite to the main house as well as the possibility of converting the large 60m2 shed.

Both houses are independent and private from each other with their own parking areas. The property boasts covered terraces with stunning views, electric water heaters, community water, private well, 4000ltr storage tank, air conditioning and Log burner.

This is a stunning historical property, however there are aspects of the main house that require modernisation and some structural work. Originally built in 1920, with lovely rustic features, this property is steeped in history and offers the opportunity to any prospective buyer to create a unique glamping experience or horse sanctuary. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.