Nestled in the charming La Heredia Village, in the picturesque area of El Castillo,newest section of La Heredia.This exquisite apartment offers a perfect blend of funcionality , comfort, and breathtaking views. Boasting three bedrooms, each accompanied by its own en-suite bathroom, this residence provides an ideal living space .
 The apartment is located on the third floor and has elevator access to the property. You enter the property through a traditional Andalusian door, into the hallway which guides you towards the large living/dining area with fireplace. To the right of the hallway you have the kitchen which leads into the living area and out to the south/west facing terrace.. The new kitchen, a focal point of the apartment, is equipped with state-of-the-art appliances and features contemporary finishe From the terrace you can enjoy views of the coast and the beautiful pueblo of La Heredia itself.
Beyond the living area is a hallway which guides you towards the 3 en-suite bedrooms. The property has installation of air-conditioning and also has underfloor heating. 
The living space opens up to a beautiful terrace, inviting you to indulge in outdoor living. This expansive terrace offers stunning southwest views, providing a panorama of the surrounding landscape. It serves as the perfect spot to unwind, entertain guests, or simply enjoy a quiet moment while soaking in the beauty of the surroundings.
The three bedrooms are designed to offer a private retreat within the home. With ample natural light streaming in through well-placed windows, the bedrooms create an inviting and tranquil atmosphere.
The apartment's location in La Heredia Village ensures a sense of community while being surrounded by the enchanting atmosphere of El Castillo. The combination of modern amenities, tasteful design, and the captivating views from the terrace makes this apartment a truly exceptional place to call home. 
Located in the urbanization, you will find a delicatessen / bakery, an award-winning butcher, restaurant and the charming Heredian bar. In addition to this, residents can enjoy the beautiful plazas and two community pools located within the community (one heated pool in the winter months).

The Urbanisation of La Heredia is popular with year-round residents and holiday makers alike. In addition to the amenities offered in the community, there is 24-hour security in this gated Urbanisation.

The beautiful Pueblo of La Heredia is just a few minutes' drive to San Pedro, Benahavis, Puerto Banus and Marbella. It is an ideal location for discovering the many tourist delights of Andalucia, including Ski-ing in Sierra Nevada. There are numerous golf courses within a short drive, including Los Arqueros and La Quinta.

From the apartment you can reach Malaga or Gibraltar airports in 45 minutes via the autopista (AP7), making this a very accessible location