Beautiful Andalusian-style villa built on a plot of 700 m2, in Algeciras, Campo de Gibraltar, Cádiz. 
This 2-story villa has the entire distribution of the house on one floor.
The main floor is divided into, 3 bedrooms, the Master is a nice-sized bedroom, 2 bathrooms, a kitchen with breakfast area, and a pantry, direct access to a 17 m2 terrace with beautiful views of the mountains and sea, a spiral staircase takes you to the garden and pool.
A good-sized lounge very bright with a fireplace, large double-glazed windows, and beautiful views of the coast and sea.

The entrance of the house has a wonderful patio with some fruit trees such as grapefruit, lemon, and orange trees, as well as a parking area for 2 cars.
The garden is wonderful, it is very mature, and it just needs to be cleaned and fertilized, it also has fruit trees such as medlar, custard apple, quince, and apple tree.
The house has a basement of about 44 m2 where the laundry area is located, a storage room, a toilet, and a water tank to accumulate water.

The pool measures a very good size 4x7 meters and 2 meters deep, it works perfectly 2 years ago the motor was replaced.
At the garden level, there is a large 33 m2 porch with a barbecue area where you can celebrate family events or enjoy a day at the pool.
This villa has been built with good qualities of the time it just needs to be modernized, it has potential and a very good location near the field, leisure area, and shops. The center of Algeciras and the beach are just 5 minutes away by car.

Gibraltar is just 20 minutes away, and the long and wonderful beaches of Tarifa are half an hour away by car.
Come for a viewing, you will be pleasantly surprised.


Detached Villa, Algeciras, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 211 m², Terrace 40 m², Garden/Plot 700 m².

Setting : Town, Commercial Area, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Close To Forest.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Beach, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Courtyard, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Basement, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Entry Phone.
Parking : Covered, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
