Do you want to invest in a prosperous business in Manilva? This is your great investment opportunity in a completely renovated building for hotel use, without tenants and ready for hotel activity.
On the street level, there is a cafeteria bar with all the necessary equipment for its operation, with an outdoor terrace license, and an apartment with 2 bedrooms, a full kitchen, a living room, and one bathroom, with a separate entrance from the street.
On the first floor, there is a 2-bedroom apartment, both with an en-suite bathroom, one of them with a jacuzzi, a living room with a terrace, and a fully equipped kitchen. This apartment was the owners' habitual residence. On this same floor, there are 2 rooms for clients, both with their own bathroom.
The second floor is distributed with 5 double rooms, some set up to accommodate 3 people, all with an en-suite bathroom. This floor also has a fully fitted kitchen with a terrace with views of the mountains and the vineyards.
On the top floor, there is a solarium that enables you to enjoy a wonderful barbecue, sunbathe, or enjoy beautiful views of the mountains and Sea.

In 2013 it was completely renovated to modernize it.
This building has the possibility of developing between 12 to 15 tourist apartments with very interesting profitability for any good investor.

This hotel, in addition to being a good investment, also has an excellent location since it is located in one of the most appreciated locations on the Costa del Sol.
Manilva is located above the coast surrounded by beautiful vineyards, just 3 km by car from its coastline, which has 8 kilometers of beautiful fine sand beaches where you can find its long promenade can enjoy a variety of restaurants, both national and foreign, of all the services necessary to make your stay more pleasant.

We cannot forget to mention the coastal path, it is 12 kilometers of coastline that connects the coast of Manilva with Estepona, a path along which you can walk or cycle, along this same path you can walk from the coastal town from San Luis de Sabinillas to the wonderful Puerto de La Duquesa where you can enjoy all kinds of nautical and recreational activities.
If you like golf here you can find several Golf Clubs, Finca el Cortesin, Golf Doña Julia, and Golf la Duquesa, and the Sotogrande Golf Course is just 10 minutes away by car, the rest of the Costa del Sol is easy to arrive, Estepona is 15 minutes by car, Marbella 40 min., 30 min. from Gibraltar airport, and Malaga airport just 1 hour away on the highway.
If you are looking to invest in a thriving business, do not hesitate and contact us for a viewing




Hotel, Manilva, Costa del Sol.
11 Bedrooms, 11 Bathrooms, Built 485 m², Terrace 35 m².

Setting : Town, Commercial Area, Village, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Close To Forest.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated, Recently Refurbished.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Mountain, Country, Urban, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Marble Flooring, Bar, Double Glazing, 24 Hour Reception, Restaurant On Site, Staff Accommodation, Near Church, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Bargain, Cheap, Investment, Reduced, Resale.
