A charming two-bedroom townhouse, located in Princesa Kristina, with stunning sea views.  This house is truly unique, located close to amenities and within walking distance to the beach.

The house is split over three levels, with the first two levels covering the living space and the top level being a roof terrace.  

You enter through a front gate and walk through a lovely terrace to get to the front door.  The ground floor has an open-plan layout with a spacious lounge diner and an open-plan American-style, fully fitted kitchen.  There is fully installed hot and cold air conditioning in the living/dining room.  There is also a bathroom on this level.  This floor leads out to a large terrace, which leads on to the front porch and entrance.  The terrace is perfect for al fresco dining.

From the ground floor, you go up a staircase to the first floor.   There are two double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes on this level.  The first bedroom has direct access to a large, covered terrace.  From this terrace, you have a lovely view of the sea.  There is a family bathroom on this level.

From this level, you go up a staircase to the roof terrace.  The view from here is stunning.  Sit out her and sunbathe or enjoy a coffee whilst taking in the glorious views.

Princesa Kristina is located in Manilva. It is a beautiful residential area. It is a two-minute drive to the fabulous beaches and the port of La Duquesa. La Duquesa has a beautiful Marina with numerous bars, restaurants, and cafés. If you like golf, you are spoilt for choice - whether you go to the local Duquesa Golf course, the prestigious Finca Cortesin Golf course or the world know Valderrama course in Sotogrande, you are spoilt for choice whether beginner or pro.

The location of this property is ideal if coming in form abroad, as there are three international airports you could travel to - Malaga airport which is just under an hour away, Gibraltar airport at 30 minutes away and Jerez airport at just over an hour away.

This property would make a fabulous holiday home or permanent home.

Come view with me!