Welcome to this newly constructed contemporary villa with sea views in Marbella Club Golf Resort, an exclusive gated community in Benahavis with 24 hour security, golf course, restaurant and equestrian center.

This new residence has been constructed using high quality materials throughout and boasts an open-plan, bright distribution, double height ceilings and full-length feature windows.

On the entrance level we find a good-sized living room with feature fireplace, backed by gorgeous book matched marble, all open plan and leading to the kitchen which features Gaggenau appliances. Both the living area and kitchen enjoy access to the terrace via pocket Schuco doors, from where you can enjoy breathtaking vistas of the Mediterranean Sea, as well as Gibraltar and the Morocco coastline on a clear day. On this level there is also a small swimming pool, separate to the main pool and garden.

To the right of the entrance we find two bedrooms, both en-suite, as well as the garage which has space for 3-4 cars plus golf buggy. One of the various high-end features of this property is that the garage has a glass wall so you can appreciate your collection from outside the property.

Upstairs we find the main bedroom, featuring an en-suite bathroom with bathtub and shower, walk-in wardrobe and private terrace from where you can enjoy the magnificent views. Across a walkway that looks down into the living room and out across the resort itself we find two further bedrooms, both en-suite and with terrace access.

Heading to the lower level, here you have a multi-purpose room, suitable for laundry, wine cellar or simply additional storage space. Also, there is a cinema room and spa with sauna, steam room and shower. There is a further guest toilet on this level, which has access onto the main garden and swimming pool area, as well as a covered full outdoor kitchen.

Throughout the property you will find many luxurious features that you would expect, from pocket doors that open up the house, to hot/cold air conditioning, underfloor heating and an elevator that connects all the floors.

A superb property that represents the epitome of luxury living in one of the premier gated communities. Security in Marbella Club Golf Resort comprises guards at the entrance, plus additional barriers on all the streets. It also benefits from being in a private area of just two current villas with an additional gate.