Southwest facing apartment with covered terrace and glass walls in walking distance from beach and golf
Spacious apartment of 92 m2 plus 30 m2 terrace and 30 m2 garden.
The apartment has a very big dining and living room with open connection to a big kitchen with a fridge and freezer, a dishwasher, oven, induction hob, micro oven and extractor hood - all from Bosch. The kitchen is equipped with build in spot lights. From the kitchen there's entry to a utility room with a washing machine from Bosch, a dryer from Beko and an electric water heater
Back to the living room you will pass the corridor with built-in wardrobes. In the living room there's lots of nice furniture, including a very comfortable and large sofa-bed. From the living room there's access to two big sleeping rooms with build in wardrobes and two bathrooms. 
The first bathroom does have a very big shower with glass wall, a toilet and a sink with an integrated cupboard and a large mirror with a LED lightbar. 
The second bathroom does have a Jacuzzi, a double sink and a large mirror with a LED lightbar. Furthermore the bathroom contains a toilet and a bidet.
All windows and doors to the apartment are protected with electric shutters and the sleeping room window to the north is further protected with bars. The apartment does further hold a safe box and an alarm system.
Most of the lights in the apartment are with energy saving LED-bulbs. The apartment is equipped with a central built-in air-condition and heating system updated with maintenance service in 2020.
The apartment is painted in a white color and is in a very well maintained condition.
Most of the furniture will be included.
From the living room and from one of the sleeping room there's access to the veranda, which is totally covered by a ceiling, which makes it possible to sit on the veranda with very little sun coming in to the terrace in the hot July and August. If you in the summer time want to enjoy the sun, the nice little garden is just outside with sun all day long. In the winter time with the sun in a lower position, you get the sun in onto the terrace to keep it comfortable warm. The garden is having the sun in the afternoon longer than almost all other gardens in the complex.
The terrace is covered with glass walls that can be pushed aside to leave the terrace totally open. The glass walls are totally frameless and very strong, produced by the well reputed Finish Company Lumon. The glass walls from Lumon are double as expensive as other glass walls. 
The glass walls serve several purposes: They give a nice warm climate all the winter and do still have the possibility of getting sun and fresh air, when needed. They serve as an extra security against break-in on top of the electric shutters to the rest of the apartment. Furthermore you can leave all your furniture uncovered while you are away, without getting dusty and protected against animals.
The garden outside the terrace has a lawn big enough for some sunbeds, table and chairs and is surrounded by a hedge giving some privacy. As part of the garden are also some very nice bushes and flowers.
From the garden you can walk directly out to the big communal lawn and pool area.
All the buildings are in a good condition and the walls are good isolated to keep the apartment warm in the winter time and cool in the summer time. A lift is going to the underground parking area, where a parking space and a storage room are included.
The complex has a very good gardener keeping the complex in a beautiful shape, and a good Board and administration company.
Surroundings:
The complex is located in a quietly area with a big nice park just outside the complex.
A very good local restaurant is within 1-2 minutes walking distance, and so is the Doňa Julia Golf course.
The Beach is within walking distance, and so are several shops and cafe's - like a Lidl supermarket, a shop with 30.000 things of all you need, a construction market, a garden center, a big furniture shop and several cozy café's.
Within a little further distance - about 20-25 minutes walking, you will find a Mercadona Supermarket, 2 Super Sol supermarkets, shops, restaurants and cafés in the town of Sabinillas and further on in walking distance you will find the very charming Marina De La Duquesa with lots of restaurants.
Within 10 minutes by car you will find five additional golf courses: Estepona Golf Club, Casares Golf Club, Duquesa golf club, Valle Romano Golf club and Finca Cortesin golf club - so including the Doňa Julia Golf Club its 6 golf courses very nearby. Our favorites are Estepona Golf Club and Doňa Julia Golf Club.
Within 5-10 minutes driving distance you will find another Mercadona supermarket and an ALDI supermarket and Burger King.
The city of Estepona is 10 km's away and has lots of good shops, a pedestrian street, a very charming old town, and a Marina with lots of yachts and nice restaurants. Estepona has also a big Carrefour Shopping Mall.
On Sundays there's a big market on the Harbor of Estepona - and also a very big Sunday flee market in walking distance from the apartment.
Lots of opportunities for interesting sightseeing tours - like Gibraltar, only 25 minutes away and the charming villages in the mountains like Mijas, Ronda, Granada with Alhambra, Cordoba, Sevilla etcetera
Malaga airport is only about 50 minutes away. 
