For sale a beautiful villa built in 2019 in one of the most popular residential areas of Costa del Sol, La Sierrezuela, Mijas Costa, only 3 km from Fuengirola. The villa has 4 bedrooms, 4,5 bathrooms, open west facing views, private pool and private driveway where you can park several cars. Parking for two cars covered with a pergola and awning.

The plot is west facing so you have sun since the whole day and afternoon until the sunset and we promise that you will never get tired of the view or the sunsets you see here!

Sierrezuela is a very popular area with only private villas. The location is perfect, the closest amenities are in 1,4 km (bakery, pharmacy, supermarket, cafeteria, a few restaurants, china shop, vet, etc.). Carrefour is in 2,5 km, center of Fuengirola in 3,5 km, beach in 4 km and Malaga airport in 25 km (20 minutes drive).

Find here some of the features of the villa and please book a private viewing and we´ll guide you through the rest of the details while we visit the villa: Salon with lot´s of natural light and a fireplace (wood burner). Spacious modern kitchen with a separate pantry. Four double bedrooms, all have their own en-suite bathrooms. Separate guest toilet. Numerous built-in wardrobes in all the bedrooms and elsewhere also. Laundry room, under-stairs storage, spacious machinery room (including pressure unit and de-calcifier). Separate room that can be converted into a gym, office, spa, etc… Private swimming pool with separate room for pool equipment and provision for hidden pool cover. Sliding gate for vehicular access and a pedestrian gate with video control.

Air conditioning in all the rooms, heating and cooling control system, both local and remote, internet based AirZone. Under-floor heating (electric in all 4 bathrooms and hot water pipes for the downstairs bedrooms). Solar panels and heat-exchange unit on roof for hot water, AC and under-floor heating. Alarm system and fiber optics internet. Irrigation system around the plot and raised planting areas. Strong foundations with steel/concrete piles into the rock sub-strata, up to 11 m deep.

Did you know that this might be your dream house? Book a private viewing and let´s find out!