Welcome to an exclusive offer that combines luxury, comfort and a privileged location. This exceptional villa, just 3.5 km from the azure blue sea, located in Mijas Golf, it offers excellent access to Fuengirola, Málaga and Marbella. An oasis of peace and privacy awaits you here, yet shops, restaurants and schools are only a few minutes away.
Upon entering this property, you are greeted by a striking entrance area with high ceilings and an impressive staircase leading to the upper floor. The spacious living and dining area impresses with an open-plan, ultra-modern kitchen with state-of-the-art electrical appliances. The elegant, timeless living room features a travertine fireplace and offers access to covered terraces that surrounds the entire living area, the ideal place to savour life al fresco. From here you can enjoy the view of the lush Mediterranean garden with beautiful lemon and orange trees, palm trees and the inviting swimming pool.
This impressive villa not only offers a luxurious and modern interior, but also a beautiful outdoor area. The garden presents a fully equipped outdoor kitchen with ceramic hob, gas barbecue, dishwasher and a side-by-side fridge.
On the upper floor is the master suite with walk in closet, luxurious bathtub and a private balcony with breathtaking panoramic views. The villa also offers four further spacious bedrooms with views of the beautiful Mediterranean garden.
The villa was renovated in 2023, with completely new bathrooms and new wood-look floor tiles throughout. The property has an approx. 45 cm solid and insulated exterior wall, high-quality security doors and windows. Energy efficiency and sustainability are paramount in this property. The combination of solar thermal energy, photovoltaics with a capacity of 10.10 kW/p and battery storage enables a self-sufficient, environmentally friendly and cost-efficient energy supply.
The property is situated on a 1198 m2 plot and offers a living space of 540 m2 spread over three floors, including a 194 m2 basement and a spacious garage for up to 4 cars. The tasteful and modern furniture is included in the price.
Experience modern luxury in a timeless style and fulfil your dream of an elegant and sustainable villa that combines luxury and functionality.

Detached Villa, Golf Course, Partly Furnished, Fitted Kitchen, Parking: Garage, Pool: Private, Garden: Private, Facing: Southeast
Views:  Countryside, Garden, Golf, Mountains, Panoramic, Pool.
Features  2 Community Pools, 24 hrs Security System, 5-10 minutes to Golf Course, Air Conditioning, Air Conditioning Hot/Cold, Alarm System, Barbecue, Close to schools, Covered Terrace, Double Glazing, En suite bathroom, Excellent Condition, Fitted Kitchen, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Parking, Private pool, Private Terrace, Renovated, Storage room, Swimming Pool, Terrace.