This lovely location is ideal for all year round living, a holiday home and it would also make a great investment for holiday rentals. Close to endless attractions such as luxury shopping, beaches, and restaurants in Puerto Banús!

The townhouse overlooks the pool, communal landscaped gardens, the stunning mountains and the nearby golf course, Los Naranjos.
This 2 storey home plus private solarium consists of a living room with direct access to the garden and communal pool. An open and spacious kitchen with breakfast area, three bedrooms (all with built in wardrobes and a master suite) an additional family bathroom and a wonderful roof terrace.
Furthermore, the complex is gated, it has 24 hour security plus private open parking. There are a total of 11 pools within the community.

What are you waiting for? Don´t miss out on this wonderful opportunity to live in the immensely popular area of Nueva Andalucia, Marbella.
Feel free to contact us today for more information.




The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.