A charming Mediterranean villa that sports a prime location within the La Capellanía urbanisation situated on the outskirts of Sierra Blanca. This villa is reminiscent of traditional Mediterranean villas, with white walls and traditional roof tiles. It also benefits from a generous amount of terraces, allowing residents to enjoy the outdoor spaces. The terraces accommodate chill-out areas and al-fresco dining, as well as direct access to the ground floor levels. This villa benefits from access to a stunning communal garden, which is meticulously maintained and allows for a sense of community. There is also a large communal pool to be enjoyed all year round. The interiors have been completely refurbished, sporting contemporary furnishings and fixtures. The interiors exude modern sophistication and comfort, with an elegant colour scheme and hints of elegant marble and wooden notes scattered across the interiors. The living area boasts an open plan layout, connecting the intimate dining area to the formal and informal living areas. Direct terrace access from this area allows for a seamless flow between the indoors and outdoors. The kitchen is connected to the dining area, but remains separate from the dining thanks to the elegant glass doors. The kitchen is ultra-modern, sporting a marvellous marble kitchen island and elegant wooden cupboards. Plenty of storage and counter space adda level of functionality to the kitchen. The kitchen also comes fully equipped with state-of-the-art kitchen appliances. Spread over three levels, the upper level of the property is dedicated to the well appointed bedrooms, each designed elegantly and boasting its own relaxing atmosphere. The master bedroom steals the show, with stunning interior design choices that are functional and comfortable. The bedroom has its own private terrace that looks out onto the surrounding area. The master bedroom's ensuite bathrooms sports a shower, stand-alone bath tub and a stunning double vanity with marble and wooden fixtures, as well as flattering LED lighting. The basement level is reserved for a stunning entertainment room that hosts a TV area and bar. Connected is the home gym. An ample storage and laundry room also add a level of functionality. A modern private garage that can accommodate up to 3 cars.