Beautifully renovated 5 bedroom villa, Campo  Mijas!

This villa is renovated year 2023 with a good taste and is located in a peaceful area only a few minutes drive to all the services. Entrance floor's living room has wide views to a green valley and to the garden. The same floor has a stylish kitchen with an utility room, a dining space, three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a guest toilet. Through a dining space there is access to a huge terrace area with a covered and fully equipped summer kitchen.

The master bedroom with a spacious SPA inspired ensuite bathroom is located upstairs. Beside the bathroom there is a separate walk-in closet. The upper floor has also a private glazed terrace with spectacular views to the sea and the mountains.

The ground floor has one bedroom, a bathroom and a huge garage. There is also covered parking space for two cars in the courtyard.

A huge, almost 1600 m2 garden plot is totally fenced and very private. A good size swimming pool is a place to cool off while working on suntan. There is an outside shower by the pool and the pool room has both a shower and a toilet. Lovely garden has a lot of flowers, trees and bushes.

There is a separate chilling out area in the lower part of the garden. It is an excellent place to spend an evening, set a grill on fire and enjoy life.

The villa has double glazed windows, under floor heating in the bathrooms, a boiler, air source heating pumps, renewed electricity system, a new well and sanitation system, 20 pieces of Huawei 10 kWh solar panel system that provides a self-sufficient electricity consumption and a possibility to sell it back to the power grid. There is also a recharging system for electric cars, new hydrostatic equipment and a spare water container.

Villa's special Andalusian style spirit is saved that makes the house homely and well fitted in the environment.

Villa has "Certificado Descriptivo y de Seguridad Vivienda con Fines Turisticos" and a rental license. So, it is suitable for an investor for short term rental, as an excellent distance working space for a company or as a holiday home even for a larger family. All the domestic appliances and electrical systems of the villa are included to the price.

Detached Villa, Campo Mijas, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 6.5 Bathrooms, Built 311 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools.
Orientation : North, East, South, West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Country, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Garage, Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Drinkable Water, Photovoltaic solar panels.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
