Living in the skies of Málaga.

Located on the edge of the Guadalmina River in the centre of the vibrant city of Málaga on the Costa del Sol, the urban sky complex is a truly unique project with views over the entire city and the historic city centre. It will be absolutely synonymous with quality and a unique lifestyle. With 198 flats ranging from 1-4 bedrooms, the complex offers common areas such as a co-working space, a laundry service, cinema and a swimming pool with rooftop bar. The panoramic views from the 30th floor make it a unique project on the Costa del Sol.

In a growing city, with great national and international interest, an iconic project is being built that is already visible from all over the city. The area is perfectly connected to public transport and the motorway, so everything you need is close by.

If you love city life but don't want to escape nature, you will enjoy the views of the city and the sea thanks to the great height of the 2 buildings.
Moreover, thanks to the wide variety of common areas and the rooftop pool, you can enjoy your free time with all the services and without leaving your home.

The project consists of homes with 1 to 4 bedrooms, with two shared basement floors for garages and common areas on the ground floor. You have access to all the services that facilitate your daily life: concierge, laundry, multipurpose room, gym with toilets, stairwell and three lifts.
Moreover, you have the Guadalmedina River Park close by, whose project was recently approved.
Each of the AQ Urban Sky flats follows a meticulous aesthetic in which urban, exclusive and functional design plays the leading role.
Price starts from €394,000

If you can't stop thinking about living in one of the tallest buildings in Andalusia and with the best views, contact us to discover the variety of property types.

All material is based on information deemed reliable, but because third parties have provided this information, we cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. This offer is subject to errors, omissions and price changes or withdrawal without notice. Availability after agreement.
In accordance with the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 decree of 11 October, we inform you that costs inherent to the sale are not included in the price. Brokerage fees are included.