3 bedroom 2 bathroom penthouse Estepona €525,000
A penthouse with a beautiful unobstructed view of the Mediterranean Sea and hills, with immense extra space and a garden. It has 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, two bedrooms have en-suite bathrooms, all with underfloor heating. A spacious entrance and hallway lead to the spacious living room connected to a lovely large south-facing terrace, with an automatically retractable awning, so no worries when the wind picks up, the kitchen and the bedrooms.
A staircase leads to the roof terrace spanning the full length of the apartment, where there is an extra bathroom and is equipped with water and electricity, ideal for installing a Jacuzzi.                                       
This penthouse has a fully equipped spacious kitchen with all appliances, laundry room, fitted wardrobes, air conditioning, double glazing, marble floors, and intercom, and                                                                 
includes an extremely and exceptionally large storage room of over 200 m², ideal for creating a workshop or relaxation area, a very large private garden of approximately 300 m² with fruit trees and herb garden, and an underground parking space for 3 cars.
The complex has a communal swimming pool. gardens, sunny paths, 24-hour security and video surveillance and a complete gym, with all modern instruments.
Located on Lunymar Golf, in the Resina Golf complex, with a beautiful natural first line golf environment, this penthouse is ready to move into immediately.                                                                                    This prime location is just 7 km away from San Pedro de Alcantara and Estepona, with its shops, beach clubs and excellent restaurants.
Estepona is located on the west side of the Costa del Sol and is known for its beautiful 20 km long flat sandy beaches.
It has a beautiful paseo that spans the entire length of the city, lined with squares, play areas, cafes, bars, shops, harbor and marina.