Welcome to this luxurious newly renovated villa with fantastic views of the Mediterranean Sea.

Located on the hillside in Torreblanca del Sol, Fuengirola, giving you breathtaking panoramic sea views whilst being close to the beach, restaurants and shops. It provides a perfect location regardless of whether you want to live permanently or use as a holiday home.
The home has been completely renovated both inside and out, and the grounds offer a number of different social areas for, dinners, play and relaxing moments by the pool. The finishing touch is the spacious newly constructed roof terrace with glass railings one step up, where you have the house's absolute best view of the area and the sea.

The villa has 3 bedrooms, all with built-in wardrobes. Master bedroom is built with a glass wall to the south which offers the sea view through the living room, and also gives a fantastic see-through feeling when you are in the front bbq area.
This bedroom also has a private bathroom with shower and direct access to the terrace with bbq area on the entrance side of the house.
The second bedroom also has a view of the sea and the private pool area. Bedroom number three has a window to the entrance side with entrance from the hall, these bedrooms share a common full bathroom with shower. Between the bathroom and hall there is a niche with a built-in washing machine and tumble dryer.

The jewel of this home is the view from both the inside and outside of the house. Therefore, both the kitchen, dining room and living room are built towards the Mediterranean Sea with spectacular panoramic views from every corner. Here you also have a fireplace that you can enjoy during the cooler part of the year, which gives the house a wonderfully cozy feeling. From here you have access to the roof terrace upstairs, the terrace and the pool area.

The pool area has room for several sunbeds, and if you prefer to sit in the shade, there is an excellent area for this in the lounge area under the terrace.
The pool is heated for winter bathers and next to the pool there is an outdoor shower.

In front of the house we have a large barbecue area with plenty of space for dinner parties. From this area you have access to the garden and pool area to the rear by the stairs. Through the large glass doors next to the dining room you can see through the whole house to the back and the sea.

The garage next to the entrance is spacious with space for a larger car. The garage roof is covered with solar panels that power the villa's electricity supply.
Next to the garage, you have extra parking space for a second car or other vehicle.

This is a must see, and the experience is even better in real life. Don't hesitate and book a viewing today.