Welcome to this 4 bedroom 2,5 bathroom townhouse, close to the beach in Mijas Costa with fantastic terraces facing east and west!

It is located in the Wyndham complex (formerly Club La Costa), and thus walking distance to both Fuengirola, Miramar shopping center, Castillon, the beach, restaurants and shops. Just outside the area, there is also easy access to lovely walking paths and good paths for cycling, as well as tennis courts.

The house is located on one of the smaller roads in the area, and if you have a car, you can either park in the spacious guest parking lot or in the private parking lot inside the gate right next to the house. Facing this entrance side, we also have a spacious terrace with morning sun where you can enjoy your breakfast if desired.
Inside the entrance we find the living room and dining room, both sides with glass doors to the terrace. 
A double door leads into a small hall in front of which you reach the kitchen, guest toilet, the stairs to the upper floor and the rear patio facing west. On the patio there is plenty of space for a dinner table and sunbeds, and through the gate you go out to the green garden full of trees and plants. Here is also one of the several pool areas that you can use.

Upstairs you will find four full-sized very nice bedrooms and two bathrooms, the master of which has a newly renovated ensuite. In the master bedroom you also have a private balcony with a view of the area. From this point you can also sometimes see the cute train that runs in the area for everyone to use for free. And do you need to go outside the community there is a taxistation just above the house. 
About 200m away you find for example the popular restaurant El Tajo, a bakery, and a supermarket. 

The house is in original condition, it is well cared for but there is a need to renovate to modernize. The kitchen can be perceived as dark, but it is possible to open it up to create a brighter and larger area between the kitchen and the living room.

