Impressive 5 bedroom villa built in 2003  set in a large plot of 2587 mts with an imposing driveway via an electric gated walled entrance way  to large open parking are with covered parking  barbecue area and landscaped gardens . The sinsle storey villa  has built and designed to the higest level with a feature tower in the centre acting as the entrance   hallway with  wc with utilty , storeroom plus  with access to a double storey living area with a mezzanine balcony overlooking it . To the right side of the tower as you enter  you have an open plan kitchen / dining  area and second living room with a winter  fireplace both have  access to the covered terrace and outdoor dining area with large adult pool plus childrens feature fountain pool , on this side youvia a hallway you have 2  double bedrooms with a jack and jill conjoined ensuite bathroom . To the left as you enter the property from the hallway you have 2 further double bedrooms with family bathroom and a large master suite with a  huge ensuite bathroom with sauna  walk in shower and large bath. the master and one of the two doubles have access to the covered terrace and overlook the poll and games area . The house have recently installed foto voltaico solar panels for all the electric plus thermo dynamic solar panel waterheating system, Rehau double glazed widows   , water filtration for drinking water , polished cement floors throughout , jacuzzi and a 2 bedroom wooden chalet to the side of the property currently used as storage but could easily be used a further guest cottage. The property is totally lñandscaped with mature trees for privacy as the pool and covered terrace are not overlooked and private with plenty of sunlight . Great luxury home or rental property  Close to all facilities of Alhaurin la torre ie supermarkets ,bars, restaurants and access to the motorways and the airport. 
Detached Villa, Alhaurín de la Torre, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 395 m², Terrace 200 m², Garden/Plot 2587 m².

Setting : Suburban, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Sauna, Games Room, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Alarm System.
Parking : Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Solar water heating.
Category : Resale.
