Magnificent three-bedroom "Sky Villa" with private pool in the prestigious Higueron West, in La Reserva del Higuerón, close to amenities and the sea. In this luxurious penthouse, the elevator brings you conveniently to the front door of your home. When you enter the apartment, you are greeted by a spacious entrance hall, from which you can directly enter to a large living room joining the dining area and a well-equipped open plan kitchen. The living room has large windows with sliding doors from floor to ceiling opening directly onto a huge 108m2 main terrace with its own heated swimming pool and pool bar. On the west facing terrace, you can enjoy sunshine until the evening. The kitchen window opens up to a beautiful view of the sea that can also be seen from the apartment's smaller terrace, where you can enjoy your breakfast in the morning sun. There is also a utility room/storage connected to the kitchen with a washing-dryer machine and aerothermia heat/cool pump, which works very energy-efficient. 

The master bedroom of the apartment has its own stylish wardrobe and a large luxurious bathroom. The master bedroom also has access to the main terrace. The two other spacious bedrooms have built-in wardrobes and beautiful sea views and share the apartment's second bathroom. The guest toilet is separately located at the entrance of the penthouse.

The apartment is built with high quality materials, fixtures and fittings. The kitchen appliances are from Bosch and taps from Hansgrohe. The entire apartment has underfloor heating and large electronic adjustable terrace awnings and a heated swimming pool bringing luxury to your life under the sun. The well-maintained and gated community also has a large lagoon-like swimming pool. It is the largest swimming pool in Higueron West, which can also be seen from the terrace of the apartment. There is also a community sauna and a co-working space soon to be opened up. There are also children's playgrounds and dog parks just outside the community.

The apartment is located in the prestigious Higueron residential area, close to the five-star Hilton Hotel with lots of restaurants and amenities. There is also a Sports and Spa club at the Higueron Resort with has saunas, spa, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, the best gym in the area and group lessons, several paddle and tennis courts as well as a volleyball court.  There are several tracking routs and bicycle lanes. You can even hire an electric car next to the community.  This is the perfect location for sports and outdoor enthusiasts. You can walk to the beach or take a shuttle bus that takes you to the beach, translation, and Higueron shopping Mall. The Carvajal train station is nearby with easy access to downtown Malaga and Fuengirola. You can also take the train to Malaga airport or go by car, which takes less than 15 minutes. The transport connections excellent in this luxury home in one of the best residential areas on the Costa del Sol.

The property is sold with 2 garage spaces and 1 storage room. 
