This fantastic southeast facing apartment is bright and spacious, with an open floor plan that allows for spectacular views from almost every corner. The ample dining room / living room features a cozy wood burning fireplace and huge sliding doors that lead to the large backyard. The kitchen is separated from the living area by a fantastic peninsula with a large breakfast bar. The large window across from the peninsula lets in a lot of natural light. It is fully equipped with high-quality Smeg appliances (including a washer/dryer), and plenty of cabinets. The refrigerator has been integrated to match the rest of the cabinetry. The condo comes elegantly furnished.

Near the entrance hallway we find a nice powder room, perfect for guest use. The two bedrooms come with their own en-suite bathroom. The master bathroom is large, has a fabulous jacuzzi tub, double sinks, and a bidet. The bathroom adjacent to the second bedroom has a large walk-in shower, double sinks and a large window that bathes it with tons of natural light. Both en-suite bathrooms come with underfloor heating.

The fabulous backyard can be accessed from the living-room area, as well as the two bedrooms. It has a wonderful covered porch with a recently installed deck, perfect for gatherings and barbecues. The rest of the yard has a L-shape lawn that wraps around the house and gives the condo the feeling of a stand alone house. Given that it is the only apartment on that level, the serene and quiet surroundings, and the privacy this home enjoys, it is easy to get that stand alone villa vibe.

The views of the Mediterranean are just stunning. It is in an established location, so there is no risk those views will ever be obstructed by new construction. The luxurious communities around the area can also be discerned from the height of the veranda, with their impeccable landscaping and delightful Los Flamingos golf course.

The condo has central air and heating throughout the space, high-quality finishings on baseboards, solid wooden doors, expensive ceramic tiling on all flooring and beautiful tiles in every bathroom. It has also been recently given a fresh coat of paint.

The parking space that belong to this condo is located in an underground garage that can be accessed by semi-private lift. An optional 2nd, 3rd, and or 4th garaje space is available if required. It also comes with a storage room with sturdy shelving units.

This condo is part of a gated community in one of the most exclusive areas on the coast. There are two beautiful swimming pools, a gorgeous water fountain and impeccably maintained grounds. The community also has security cameras throughout the property and a security guard that patrols the area outside the community, including the luxurious Villa Padierna Hotel.