First floor furnished apartment for sale in Small Oasis Resort. 

Competitively priced, this resale property is the same price as the cheapest 2 bedroom option remaining directly from the developer (which is on the ground floor of the same block), includes furniture and has lower purchase costs. The next lowest priced 2 bed option is over €10,000 more! Additionally, from the south-facing balcony, there are lateral sea views which the ground floor equivalent does not have.

Small Oasis is an affordable resort designed for the whole family. Consisting of 2- and 3-bedroom apartments and penthouses, owners and guests can enjoy a myriad of facilities including lagoon and lap pools, restaurants, BBQ area, children's play park, pool and splash area, a cinema, work stations, indoor and outdoor gyms, exercise studios and sports courts. The resort even has its own shuttle bus to the beach, marina and shops!

THE DEVELOPMENT
The resort consists of two phases, the resort apartments which are key-ready and the larger luxury apartments which are scheduled for handover in Summer 2024.

Both phases have their own pool exclusive for residents. Phase 1 has several family sized BBQ areas around the pool, Phase 2 will have a chiringuito next to its pool.

The two phases share amazing facilities including an infinity lagoon pool which overlooks the Mediterranean, a chiringuito bar & grill, a private cinema with 16 people capacity, children's pool with splash play area, outdoor and indoor fitness centers with Yoga and Pilates classrooms, paddle and tennis courts, a multitude of green spaces with walking paths through the community, family bbq areas.

The resort also offers great services such as electric bikes and a shuttle bus to the beach, marina and shops. All of this controlled through the resort own app, which allows owners to have all the facilities at the palm of their hand. You can enjoy both the spectacular sea and mountain views.

The amazing location is just 5 minutes from the marinas of La Duquesa and Sotogrande, under 15 minutes from the historic centre of Estepona, under 30 minutes from Gibraltar airport and Puerto Banús (Marbella). It is approximately 1 hour from Malaga airport via the AP7.

Everything you need is nearby: luxury, concerts, museums, culture, traditions, gastronomy… but if what you desire is just enjoy and relax, you have that on your doorstep.

THE APARTMENTS
The resort apartments are key ready and come in 2-bedroom 1.5-bathroom and 3-bedroom 1.5-bathroom options. Each block is 3 floors high and has just 18 apartments. All blocks are wheelchair friendly, have elevators and all apartments have parking. Front row apartments have panoramic sea and mountain views.

The luxury apartments have 2-bedroom 2-bathroom, 3-bedroom 2.5-bathroom, and 3 bedroom 3-bathroom options. There are just several blocks all of which are 3 stories high. The penthouse apartments enjoy large solariums. All blocks are wheelchair friendly, have elevators and parking.

THE AREA
The resort is just a few minutes drive into the luxurious Sotogrande marina; a great spot to people-watch, have sundowners or dinner surrounded by yacht. Sotogrande also has a renowned international school, and polo fields where the public can take picnics and watch a game

It is a similar distance into Puerto de La Duquesa marina, a leisure marina with a wide range of restaurants, bars, activities and amenities. There are several blue flag beaches and numerous golf courses in the area.

In 15 minutes you can be in the centre of Estepona and it is around 30 minutes to either Marbella or Gibraltar. Malaga airport can be reached in around an hour via the AP7 road. Cadiz, Jerez and Seville can all be reach in around 2 hours and Granada in under 3 hours.

As such, the resort is ideally positioned to explore all the best the Costa del Sol has to offer: the beach, restaurants and bars, marinas, golf, polo, shopping, wonderful cities and the mountains which create a stunning backdrop.

We also have a few key-ready apartments remaining available directly from the developer. These are unfurnished and include:-

2 Bedroom, Resort Apartments – from €165,000 to €239,000
3 Bedroom, Resort Apartments – from €205,000 to €255,000
