A beachfront two-bed apartment with sea views.  This charming apartment is located within a short walking distance of Marina de la Duquesa.  The beach is literally like your back garden; just walk down and enjoy an evening stroll, then walk on the promenade all the way to El Castillo, Duquesa Marina, Sabinillas and beyond. 

The apartment is located on the first floor and is accessed via an external staircase. This is a top-floor apartment.

The apartment has a lovely open-plan layout with a fully fitted, compact kitchen and breakfast bar.  The living room leads to a small terrace with glass curtains with lovely sea and garden views.  Sit out here and dine al fresco or enjoy a lovely coffee in the morning, soak in the sea view and listen to the wonderful sound of the waves.

There are two double bedrooms.  Both bedrooms have fitted wardrobes.  The main bedroom has a long glass window looking out to the terrace and across to the sea.  There is one bathroom with a shower.  the property has an allocated parking space.

The community has communal gardens and a lovely communal pool.  

This property is ideal for holidaymakers wanting to come and spend lots of time on the beach.  It is fabulously located - you can walk to restaurants and amenities.  It is also very well situated for anyone looking to travel in from abroad, at only 25 minutes from Gibraltar and its airport and an hour away from Málaga airport.

The area has spectacular blue-flag beaches and some very well-known golf courses.  There are more traditional white-washed villages such as Manilva and Casares, for those looking for authentic Spain.  The fishing village in El Castillo is a short walk away along the promenade and has numerous fish restaurants.  Estepona and its old town are only 15 minutes away, and the famous Puerto Banus and Marbella only 30 minutes away.  Alternatively, Tarifa and the beautiful Atlantic beaches are less than an hour away.  A stunning area with so much to offer.

Come view with me!