3 story corner townhouse Iocated in a prime location just off the main square in Monda. This large townhouse used to the barracks headquarters of the village many years ago. 

This amazing property has a total built size of 413m2 including a private patio located at the back of the property of 136m2. It comprises of ground floor, 1st and 2nd floor. Both ground floor and first floor have lovely high ceilings. This dwelling offers many possibilities and could be converted into a very large family home or a B&B but please note it requires a substantial investment. 

This is a unique opportunity for those looking to transform a property with exceptional potential. 

Please also note that the adjoining property is currently for sale and is in the same condition as this property as is on the market at a similar price. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.