A fabulous penthouse with spectacular panoramic sea and mountain views, located in Coto Real, Sabinillas, Manilva.  

As you walk in through the main door, you come to an entrance hallway.  To the right is a large, fully fitted kitchen and a utility room.  Straight ahead, you have an absolutely stunning lounge and dining area with breath-taking sea views.  There is a lovely open fireplace. There are two terraces coming off this main room.  The living area flows out to a large terrace, which is partly covered with great shaded areas for those very hot days and some great areas to sunbathe in.  This is a big highlight of the property, with its uninterrupted views over the communal garden, pools across to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea and the mountains.  An incredible space to entertain, dine al fresco and soak in the Mediterranean lifestyle.  There is another terrace off the side of the dining area, and this is also another gem, allowing lots of light in through the floor-to-ceiling glass balcony doors.

From the main entrance hallway to the right, you have the bedroom wing.  There are three bedrooms and two bedrooms.  All bedrooms have fitted wardrobes.  The first bedroom you come to is a large en-suite bedroom with direct access to the main terrace.  Enjoy sea views from the comfort of your bed.  A large, spacious room with fully fitted wardrobes.  There are two other bedrooms and a family bathroom. To the left, you have a large double bedroom, it is south-facing with a private terrace overlooking the pool, and has superb sea and golf views.  Opposite this room, you have the third double bedroom with a small balcony.

The apartment is built to top quality specifications, with air conditioning throughout, fully fitted wardrobes and marble floors.  The apartment comes with two private parking spaces in the underground parking and two lock-up storage rooms.

The apartment is located in a beautiful urbanisation with communal gardens, communal pools and padel tennis courts. It is within walking distance of Sabinillas, with its lovely promenade, beaches and amenities. You can easily get to supermarkets, the local sports centre and the medical centre. Marina de La Duquesa is only a two-minute drive away. You are only 10 minutes away from Sotogrande , 10 minutes away from Estepona and 25 minutes away from Marbella and Puerto Banus.

A stunning property that would make a fabulous home.

Come view with me!