The Rock  PLOT WITH PROJECT AND LICENSE GRANTED, construction start January 2024, delivery December 2024
The house in La Roca began as the challenge of creating an architectural project different from the rest of the houses
different from the rest of the houses that are being built in Santangelo Norte.
project aims to preserve the essence of the topographic composition of its plot, a steep slope full of native vegetation that
of its plot, a steep slope full of autochthonous vegetation that incites, from the first visit, to the conservation of its imposing presence.
the first visit, to the preservation of its imposing presence and to take advantage of the unbeatable views that we
the unbeatable views that we would get at its highest point.
We start from a plot located in Benalmádena, in the sector of Santangelo Norte, an area in development with numerous
area in development with numerous constructions of new houses, where the plots are characterized by their steep slope and the
characterized by its steep slope and the hardness of its terrain, rock.
With these premises of environment and with the intention of making an exclusive and different project, we developed the project that today
different project, we developed the project that today we identify as La Roca, a house that seeks to
that seeks to obtain the best views towards the coast of Benalmádena to combine it with a perfect integration
combine it with a perfect integration with its natural environment and orientation.


The base of the project starts from the garage and access to the house, inserting its architectural volume in the natural terrain, to occupy a space embraced by rocks.

architectural volume in the natural terrain, to occupy a space embraced by rocks, with access to its highest level through external stairs adapted to the topography and by an elevator that emerges above them, to give access to the house. The rest of the construction is implanted on two levels that start from the highest level of the terrain, a longitudinal volume integrated into the rock that houses the social level of the house, a floor consisting of a bathroom, an office and a large living-dining-kitchen of 50m2 facing south and open to the more than 100m2 of outdoor porch and 35m2 of longitudinal pool. On this volume highlights its second level, an architectural body facing west to house the rest area of the house, a set of three large bedrooms with private bathroom with its perfect orientation to the west that allow you to appreciate the best sunsets of the Costa del Sol.

With all this we can say that our house La Roca is a unique and exclusive project in Benalmádena where the play of volumes combines perfectly with the nature of its environment to enjoy endless sunsets.
environment to enjoy endless sunsets.


