This unique opportunity to buy a beautiful and luxurious independent villa of 347 m2 with 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, a large living room with fireplace, living room, kitchen, a large terrace with pergola, solarium, garage for two cars, and an independent apartment of about 45 m2 that will delight your guests.

The villa is located in the center of the prestigious and international Sitio de Calahonda urbanization, in one of the best areas east of Marbella, with quick access to the AP7 (paid) and the A7 highway. Just a 5km drive from the beautiful sandy beaches of Calahonda and Cabopino and its pretty, picturesque marina. At the same distance is La Cala de Mijas with its many shops, restaurants, supermarkets, cafes, and bars.

The urbanization has other similar independent villas with golf views, a beautiful communal pool, and large common gardens. It has supermarkets, restaurants, and leisure shops accessible just 5 minutes away.

The villa consists of 3 levels plus a basement with a garage for 2 cars and a separate guest apartment of about 45 m2. The three levels and the basement are connected by a beautiful, wide, and bright interior staircase equipped with portholes that allow exterior lighting and ventilation.

The elevated ground floor is accessed through a choice of two doors and has an elegant and well-kept entrance path.

Upon entering the villa, you are surrounded by natural light. It has an entrance hall, plus a living room, a large living-dining room with a fireplace that opens onto a large terrace with views of the golf course. The living room is spacious and bright and is equipped with triple-aspect windows. The terrace faces southwest and the new owners will be able to enjoy the sun almost all day long.

The kitchen is fitted with new appliances including an integrated dishwasher, ceramic hob with integrated oven, extractor hood, and separate fridge-freezer. It has a small integrated pantry and access to the large terrace.

On the first floor, the master bedroom suite, with its bathroom, built-in wardrobes, and a beautiful terrace where the morning and afternoon sun shines. It also has three double bedrooms with built-in wardrobes and a separate bathroom.

On the second floor, a solarium with views of the sea and the golf course will delight sun lovers.

In the basement, in addition to a garage for two vehicles, there is a small apartment of about 45 m2, which will delight your guests. It consists of a bedroom with a built-in wardrobe, a bathroom with a shower, an equipped American kitchen, and a living room that gives access to the large terrace with a pergola. The apartment has electricity, hot water, and independent access from the rest of the villa.

A large terrace with a pergola overlooking the golf course and another terrace on the lower level with land to have a pool for private use.

Other notable features of the villa: are air conditioning with hot and cold pumps, numerous closets, and marble floors throughout the house.

Don't miss this unique opportunity to buy a beautiful villa at a very reasonable price of €960,000.

Do you want more information? Do not hesitate to contact us. We will help you find the property you are looking for.