Discover a unique living experience at Residencial Infinity, offering a distinctive blend of modern design and a prime location in the heart of Estepona. This landmark project stands out for its contemporary architecture. Positioned along Avenida Juan Carlos, it's just a 4-minute stroll to the sun-soaked, Blue Flag beaches of the Mediterranean Sea. Estepona's vibrant town centre, with its amenities, is right at your doorstep. Everything is easily accessible, from supermarkets to restaurants to schools and hospitals. This is an opportunity to own a 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom east-facing apartment with a parking space and storage, community gym, sauna, roof terrace with breathtaking sea views, a pool, and a meeting room—all included in the package.

The property boasts spacious, modern interiors filled with natural light. Step into this 2-bedroom apartment, where comfort meets style. The living room is spacious and flooded with natural light, creating a warm and inviting atmosphere. The adjoining contemporary kitchen is designed for functionality, offering practical space and fingerpull cabinetry. The highlight of the home is a private terrace, providing a perfect spot to enjoy the pleasant Spanish climate with views of the Estepona Old Town and mountains as a backdrop. With a layout that promotes easy living, the apartment provides a comfortable retreat after a day of exploring Estepona's charms.

Nestled in the heart of Estepona, Residencial Infinity is more than just a residence; it's a gateway to a vibrant coastal lifestyle. Enjoy seamless road access to hotspots like Puerto Banús, Marbella (20 min.), Malaga Airport (50 min.), and the chic harbour of Sotogrande. The property is strategically located, allowing residents to reach supermarkets, local shops, and the picturesque sandy beach within minutes. Evenings are made special with renowned bars and restaurants within walking distance. Whether you seek relaxation in the gardens, a refreshing dip in the infinity pool on the roof terrace, or socialising in the club with a gourmet room, Residencial Infinity offers many possibilities for the perfect Costa del Sol living.


