Middle Floor Apartment, Fuengirola, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 82 m², Terrace 15 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Town, Marina, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Beach, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Double Glazing, Handicap access.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, 24 Hour Security.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment.

Great investment opportunity!
Totally renovated in 2020:
Tourist licens.

The location of this modern and beautiful totally renovated apartment is probably the best in Fuengirola center, just on the famous Fuengirola beach promenade, close to everything you need such as restaurants, shops, bus and train station and much more. The apartment offers breathtaking views over the Mediterranean Sea, the marina and Sierra Nevada mountains.

The apartment consists of 2 spacious and bright bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, 2 modern bathrooms with shower, one of them "en-Suite", a bright living/dining room and a fully equipped kitchen with brand new appliances. A south-east facing terrace is part of the living room with sliding glass panes.

The entire apartment is furnished with modern and comfortable furniture in scandinavian style.

The apartment is on 10th floor in a very well-maintained building with elevator and reception during the day. There is also a large community swimming pool with stunning views surrounded by relaxing areas with sunshades.

Just 5 minutes walk from the apartment you will find the Fuengirola bus- and train station. There are lots of restaurants and cafes of all kinds, bars, many cozy small shops, gym, casino and much, much more. 

There is a public parking just on the other side of the building.

Paseo Marítimo
The Paseo Marítimo promenade is one of the longest promenades in Spain. It spans 7 km along most of the town's coastline, with the Mediterranean seascapes constantly in sight. Lined with shady palm trees and with a dedicated cycling lane in the middle.

This is a beach where the whole family can have fun. Boats and jetskis can be rented. There is even a beach football setup, complete with goalposts. Whether as player or a spectator, the football adds to the lively, family atmosphere. Volleyball is another option on this lively beach. You can also try windsurfing and sailing or try your luck at fishing. All of these amenities only 5 minutes of walk from the apartment.

Distance:

Malaga Airport: 26 km
Beach: 30 m
Restaurants: 30 m
Supermarket: 50 m
Street Market: 500 m

Local Attractions:
Sohail Castle (Arabic castle)
Marina
Plaza de Toros (bullring)
Bioparc Fuengirola (zoo)
Fuengirola museum
Roman ruins
Aqualand
Miramar Shopping centre