Great investment opportunity for €89,900.
Apartment in a 4* hotel resort with guaranteed high profitability provided with a bank guarantee. (3 UNITS AVAILABLE)
What do you buy ?:
You acquire 100% ownership of an apartment belonging to a 4* hotel resort, located in an area surrounded by golf courses and with high tourist demand in -Benahavís – Costa del Sol.
You delegate the management of use to the operator that operates in the complex and obtain: A fixed profitability of €4,500 + VAT per year and the option to enjoy it 8 weeks a year at a cost of €65 per week (excluding 15.06 to 15.09 and Easter/Christmas), eliminating all community costs, maintenance and basic supplies, except for the payment of the IBI (€300/year), in addition... you receive it fully furnished and equipped, with the resort being responsible for any damage or damage to the furniture and with all the comforts and services of a recognized international aparthotel, with the exception that you can mortgage this property, paying for itself and having the opportunity to acquire a 2nd property. In addition to various economic privileges and tax exemptions.
Advantages and services
:Acquire your own tourist apartment with the amenities of a 4-star apart-hotel complex, such as: Restaurant, Spa, gym, wellness, Children's areas: mini-club, swimming pool, Rest areas: terraces and lounges, tropical gardens with beach bar , Disco-bar and recreation room, Laundry area, Leisure activities: dances, excursions, Cleaning service, reception and all this in a complex built in 2004 and renovated in 2022.
Where is it located? : Located 1.8 km from El Saladillo beach, in a natural environment on the New Golden Mile of the Costa del Sol, Benahavis. Just 10 minutes from Puerto Banús, with excellent accessibility from Highway N-340 and very close to all the necessary basic services.
This resort is located a few meters from several golf courses (Golf Flamingos, Briján, Tramores, Alferini) and with privileged views of the sea and the mountains, in close proximity to one of the best 5-star Hotels on the Coast.
Use of the property: You can enjoy your apartment for a period of 8 weeks a year, by booking in advance at the complex, except for Easter, Christmas and from 06/15 to 09/15. The cost of the accommodation service for you will be €65 per week.
The rest of the year you delegate its use to a hotel operator of recognized prestige in the sector, with more than 55 years of experience in the activity in different countries and with more than 70 Hotels

NOTE: the virtual tour and video is generic for a 1-bedroom apartment, all being the same except for the orientation.

