This middle-floor apartment has a prestigious, luxurious and modern image, and is built according to the highest quality standards.

It consists of three bedrooms, the main one being en-suite, its living room is spacious and in it, we find a designer kitchen and open concept that visually communicates us with the magnificent outdoor environment through a large terrace of 61 square meters.

The property comes with 2 parking spaces (40m2) and a storage room (11m2) in an amazingly designed basement. The ingenious boutique concept on which the architect has been based offers maximum privacy in each of the apartments, each and every one of them being corner units with no adjoining neighbours.

The kitchen has been designed by the prestigious Bulthaup brand and the appliances by the renowned Miele and Bora Dhu brands. In the bathrooms, the prestigious firm Villeroy & Boch is present.

This house has home automation to control heating, lighting, electric shutters, underfloor heating and air conditioning.

Your home will be kept cool with the Daikin & Airzone brand air conditioning and in turn, warm through the underfloor heating by water throughout the apartment. Your safety is guaranteed by an alarm system connected to a security company and, for fire prevention, there are smoke detectors in the main rooms.

Take a refreshing dip in the infinity pool offered by the community while revelling in a fantastic view stretching from Marbella to the Rock of Gibraltar and Africa. Park your vehicle in a garage with an incomparable design with the best technology and comfortable space. The underground storage rooms and parking spaces have smoke detectors and fire protection, along with a pre-installed charging system for electric cars.

Surrounded by four golf courses, the complex is accessible from the Ronda and La Quinta highways. It will be only 3 minutes from San Pedro and 45 minutes from the airport. Next to the urbanization, there is a shopping centre with supermarkets, pharmacy and restaurants where you can do your day-to-day shopping.