House in the heart of the old town of Estepona, in the heart of the historic center, surrounded by flowers and charming streets, next to restaurants and shops and a stone's throw from the beach, in one of the most emblematic tourist towns on the Costa del Sol , in the south of Spain. 150 meters from La Rada beach, in a beautiful Andalusian style environment. This property is very charming, located in one of the most beautiful streets in the old town, with its pots and planters in the center of the street, since it is a pedestrian area.

The house has an entrance, large room or living room on the ground floor, toilet, kitchen-dining room, interior patio, on the first floor there is a bathroom, a double bedroom with a large balcony along the entire length of the façade, a living-dining room , on the second floor it consists of two rooms, a large terrace and a roof terrace.

Excellent property with an unbeatable location! .

The old town is full of whitewashed buildings and its center is the Plaza de las Flores, where the eclectic works of art from the Garó Collection are located. In its marina we will find restaurants and water sports facilities as well as its fishing port and Cristo Beach. Estepona preserves the charm of a typically Andalusian town, with quiet squares decorated with pots full of flowers and white houses. At the same time, it is a tourist destination with modern facilities, golf courses and sports and recreational areas.

Estepona is a popular international tourist destination, with a wide range of hotels and interesting leisure and sports facilities. It has a very well-kept historic center, beaches and a significant number of second homes. In addition, fishing is also worth highlighting along its 23 km of coastline and its fertile valley crossed by streams and mountainous areas dominated by the Sierra Bermeja, which reaches nearly 1,500 meters high at the Los Reales peak. Estepona is called "The Garden of the Costa del Sol" due to the remodeling of the urban center of the city with the regeneration of more than 14 kilometers of almost a hundred streets and squares that in their aesthetics highlight the Andalusian typicality with many flowerpots and many flowers.