SALE AGREED AWAITING RESERVATION
Panoramic view front line Golf, La Concha and Sea View contemporary renovated one level Penthouse, enviably positioned within a prestigious community of El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf, encapsulated by the surrounding hills and mountains of El Paraiso Alto Benahavis, conveniently accessed from Calle Chopo an area of outstanding natural beauty and tranquillity.
The community of Cortes Del Golf Benahavis, is consistently chosen by industry professionals as a top recommended golf and residential choice, and is designed within outstanding tropical gardens offering direct access from the Cortes Del Golf community onto the famous El Paraiso 18 hole golf course green.

From within the exquisite Andalucian gardens of the community a private winding staircase acesses a spectacular garden view sunny terrace. The main entrance opens into a luxury light wood carpentry integrated kitchen situated on front of a fabulous lounge offering truly spectacular Sea and El Paraiso golf course views with an oasis of tropical palms in the foreground admidst the hills of El Paraiso Alto. 
The flooring is complimented with brand new contemporay grey tiling creating an exclusive continous appeal throughout.
Master bedroom suite recently refurnished and renovated with a brand new luxury grey porcelian contemporary bathroom ensuite, offers golf, sea and tropical views from the juliette balcony picture windows.
A further double guest bedroom facing the gardens of the community with adjacent luxurious spacious contemporary porcelian guest bathroom with spacious walk in shower.

The residents swimming pool and sunbathing area are open all year round for swimming and relaxation and offer spectacular mirage views onto the El Paraiso golf course green, 
Andalucian tiling and garden features exquisitely decorate the community pathways with multi colourful bourganvilla throughout

Newly Installed white Aluminium picture windows and sliding doors with custom made mosquito blinds throughout all areas.
Suspended ceilings with integrated spots. 
New Carpentry and Laquered Furniture, Wall Mounted Samsung TV
Both new bathrooms offer spacious walk in showers, LED Retro Thin Mirrors with porcelain vanity units and contemporary mosiac shades of grey porcelain wall and floor tiling. 
3 New General Electric Air-conditioning Units installed / Dishwasher installed. 
Purpose built integrated utility closets with ample storage space installed at the entrance relaxation terrace.
New terracotta flooring at the entrance terrace and winding staircase.
Andalucian fireplace feature / chimney 
Protection window installed to the lounge terrace facing La Concha for maximum sun protection and comfort
Andalucian security railings

Excellent opportunity to acquire a fully renovated one level Penthouse in El Paraiso Cortes Del Golf with astonishing Golf Course and Sea Views
High Rental Investment Return Potential 
Perfect for golfers or families. Suitable for all year round living or for vacation usage
El Paraiso Golf Club House offers a Restaurant and Bar overlooking the Golf course green open all year round.
6 Minutes drive to the Exquisite Beaches and Paseo of Costalita, Villa Padierna Club Del Mar & Tennis Club, and to Bel Air Commercial Center offering essential services and an excellent choice of restaurants
A short drive to Estepona, Marbella, The Golden Mile and to Puerto Banus.
24 hour Area Roaming Security at the entrance to El Paraiso Alto Benahavis
All furniture as seen is included with the property
Viewing is Highly Recommended