We are pleased to introduce this villa for sale that has it all – ideal location with walking distance to amenities, stunning views and fully renovated! Simply pack your bags and move in. 

This villa has been renovated throughout to a high standard and offers spacious living. The layout is as follows. As you enter through the gate, you go down a few steps to reach the front entrance. Right outside you have a little terrace with lounge area where you can relax during the afternoons. Stepping inside you are greeted by the fully renovated sleek kitchen. It is in an open plan format and is connected to the living and dining room which have a nice fireplace. The open plan layout makes it a very sociable and welcoming area to enjoy all year round. From here you have beautiful La Concha and sea views through the glass windows. Following through to find one renovated bathroom and two spacious bedrooms, one with walk in closet space and its own bathroom. 

From the main entrance there are a set of stairs to reach the swimming pool area. This is an incredible area for entertaining as you have a lovely Gazebo with BBQ. A perfect place which offers both uncovered area for soaking up the sun or some coverage from the gazebo if desired. Due to its west facing orientation, you can expect to experience some spectacular morning sunrises from here which will be simply magical! This area also gives access to a separate apartment with its own kitchen, a renovated bathroom and two spacious bedrooms with views out to the swimming pool. One of the bedrooms has its own bathroom. This separate apartment is unique and can be used as wished offering guests extra privacy with their own private entrance.  

What is so ideal is that from the villa you can reach amenities by foot. For example, just a two minute walk away you can find a gym, several restaurants and even a Swedish supermarket. If you love to eat, La Campana is for you as the area has cuisine to suit all tastes and preferences. In addition, San Pedro sits on its west side and is just a 5 minute drive away. Here you can indulge in traditional Spain with its cobbled streets and tapas bars. The other direction takes you to Puerto Banus home to its designer shops and top quality restaurants. This means you could not be better situated to enjoy everything Mediterranean living has to offer no matter what you are in the mood for.