Luxurious brand new Villa in the final phase of construction on an 800m² plot with views of the sea and the mountains. This villa will have two independent entrances from two streets of the Urb. This project has been designed to guarantee its future residents maximum convenience, comfort and quality in a pleasant and prestigious environment fully integrated in a beautiful natural environment that offers incredible panoramic views of the sea and the mountains. Facing south, the villa is distributed over three floors and has five double bedrooms and 6 bathrooms. On the main floor there is a spacious entrance hall with a wardrobe for more storage space, a guest toilet and a wonderful living room with 48m² dining area, open concept kitchen elegantly integrated into the living room  with space for an island/bar, on this same floor is the 31m² master bedroom with a large dressing room, sea views and a private bathroom. From this bedroom there is access to a reserved terrace and two other double bedrooms, each with an en-suite bathroom and access to the villa's garden. This entire floor has large windows that lead to incredible outdoor areas such as covered and uncovered terraces that can be used as an outdoor dining area and barbecue, a wonderful garden, an organic garden and the exclusive swimming pool with a relaxation and chill out area. The upper floor of the house offers a large space for a fourth bedroom, atelier, office, study area or as a games room, cinema, gym, etc. This upper floor stands out for its spaciousness and luminosity and for the many possibilities offered by the large 100 m² terrace that surrounds the entire floor and enjoys great views of the sea and the Sierra de Mijas. On the lower floor of the Villa we find a second living room or playroom of 46m² with a toilet and a guest bedroom with an en-suite bathroom, a laundry area and a garage with capacity for 3 cars. Apart from the closed garage, at the entrance of the house there is space for two outdoor parking spaces. The particularity of the design of this villa is the possibility of grouping all the necessary rooms on the same floor, without the need to use stairs at all times. This home offers luxury qualities with finishes of the buyer's choice according to the progress of the work. Located in the urb. Buenavista, Higuerón Norte, one of the best residential areas of Mijas, with numerous golf courses, sports clubs, shopping centers and the Malaga International Airport less than 15 minutes away, area close to the popular beaches and towns of Mijas, Benalmádena and Fuengirola. Also with access via public transport just a few meters away. Contact us for plans and more detailed information, we will be happy to show you the many possibilities that this Fantastic Villa offers!