Exclusive Contemporary Villa, in a privileged location, just a 15-minute walk to the sandy beach of The Golden Mile, Puerto Banus, close to Golf Courses, 5-minute drive to the Center of Marbella and San Pedro, and 35 minutes to Malaga Airport.
This unique, majestic villa is located in the luxurious private urbanization Atalaya de Rio Verde at the beginning of the Golden Mile and the luxurious part of Puerto Banus with the lower part of Nueva Andalucía towards the beach.
This bright spacious villa is built on tropical style landscape, a mix of modern interiors style with a bit of classic touch in the exterior design, giving it great character. It provides a home feeling environment with its easy-flow layout and high privacy all over the house.
The main floor has a large open plan living room with access to a pleasant lounge and its tropical gardens with a private pool facing south. On the same floor, there is a spacious living room, fully equipped kitchen with high-end appliances, guest toilet, and the main entrance to the house, as well as a second living room that can be used as a 7th Bedroom if needed.
On the upper floor, three large bedrooms with bathroom en-suite and access to the terrace with beautiful views of La Concha and some partial sea views.
On the garden floor, two bedrooms with bathroom en-suite, and a large living room that can also have other uses such as a cinema room or gym, from which you can access the garden and pool, laundry area, and garage. The villa has a fully lit garden with a swimming pool and relaxation area to enjoy the wonderful climate of Marbella, with 24-hour security.
There is enough space to add extra bedrooms to the house and also possibilities to extend the garage to fit easily 5 cars.
Situated in a very quiet street inside a private community which is not busy at all and has a great prestigious neighborhood, as the whole urbanization. It is just a villas residential with many parking spaces in front of each villa.
PRICED LOWER THAN MARKET VALUE FOR A QUICK SALE. Other villas around this one, with similar plot size or some extra sqm are currently on sale for more than 6 million euros.
THIS OPPORTUNITY IS A REAL MUST SEE.