With excellent reviews, this exceptional villa is currently a strong holiday rental property, fully legally registered and with fantastic occupancy rates. 

Tastefully decorated throughout, this expansive property is spread over 2 floors, housing 8 of the ensuite bedrooms (4 x double and 4 x twin) - although for smaller groups of guests, the main floor is entirely self contained. There is separate staff accommodation/guest suite which sleeps 4 (1x double and 1x sofa bed), with en-suite shower room, located in the grounds.

The kitchen is open plan, with 2 ovens, American style fridge, breakfast bar and large dining table. Two spacious lounges provide plenty room for guests to relax and enjoy the high speed WiFi Internet, 63" Samsung Plasma TV with surround sound system and a wide variety of European channels on IPTV. 

The villa is also equipped with generously sized laundry room and pantry.

The outside of the property is where you will find the delightful shaded terrace, complete with lounge furniture, an enormous dining table and gas barbecue, overlooking the bespoke outdoor pool (one of our favourite features! ) with its own slide built into the hillside - unusually, it's also heated so can be enjoyed all year round!.

Guests can also take advantage of the American style pool table, table tennis or the heated 8-person Jacuzzi.

Set in landscaped Mediterranean gardens complete with exotic palms and a variety of fruit trees, and not forgetting 16.000m2 of mature olive groves and a working well, you cannot help but unwind in the peace and tranquility of this luxury finca. 

The property is in a secluded position, yet has excellent road access and is less than 5 minutes' drive from the bustling town of Alhaurin el Grande, 25min from Malaga Airport and less than 40 mins' from Marbella. Beaches are just 25 minutes away, the nearest golf course is just 5 minutes' drive, and the local area is renowned for mountain biking and trekking. 

An alarm system is in place and the property and grounds are fully fenced. Plenty of on-site parking is available. The property is full air-conditioned and has central heating throughout, making it perfect for year-round rentals or retreats. The majority of furniture is included in the price and the property has absolutely everything required, ready for immediate occupancy.

This extensive property is eminently suitable for commercial purposes either as a lucrative bed and breakfast establishment or, in fact, an attractive boutique hotel … the heated pool and slide area are fabulous!




