Majestic Villa with most amazing vistas

.   Recently upgraded
.   Luxury living
.   Mediterranean living at its best
.   Short drive to the local village
.   Stunning Views

Sitting majestically within the undulating hills of Guaro lies an extraordinary emblem of luxury living; an impressive detached villa boasting unparalleled panoramic views of the valley towards the bay of Málaga. Its pristine white facade, adorned with traditional Andalusian accents, harmoniously blends with the natural beauty of its surroundings. 

Property Details:

This recently upgraded property has been designed to offer the very best of luxury living, the owners have thought of everything and designed the property to enjoy the views that can be seen from every window and enjoy the luxurious lifestyle this villa offers.  

If you are looking for the wow factor this lounge provides it in spades. The double height lounge feels spacious with patio doors opening to the breakfast terrace and the conservatory that wraps around the rear of the property.

The kitchen is open plan and like the rest of the house has been designed with entertaining in mind, the natural flow leads to dining area, dining room (bedroom 3) and out to the garden.

The wrap around conservatory is yet another entertaining/relaxation area with a soft seating area to enjoy the views and has the added luxury of opening directly to the pool area and all those beautiful terraces.  

The sumptuous master suite feels retreat like, where opulence meets comfort in perfect harmony. A haven of tranquility, the expansive bedroom features a Juliet balcony overlooking the rolling hills, while the lavish en-suite bathroom with underfloor heating offers a sanctuary for relaxation, complete with a deep soaking tub and a rain shower.  Bedroom 2 also has the luxury of an ensuite bathroom and views of the mountains.

If you love to entertain this property has been designed for you. The outdoor bbq/bar sits to the side of the terrace, just a short wander to the pool and outdoor soft seating areas. Infact there are so many seating areas to enjoy those views you are spoilt for choice.

Outdoor area and Land:

Flat plot where the property sits the remainder of the land is gentle slope, easy to maintain.

Views:

360 and far reaching

Access:

Concrete road and track.
