If you don't have 950,000€ you shouldn't keep reading this ad. You also shouldn't keep reading if you don't want to lose any of your friends. Now I'll tell you why, but first let me tell you:
ISRA TALKS ABOUT HIS HOUSE.
The first time I saw this house, I didn't like it at all. There were some broken windows, the pool with green water and lots of boxes full of dust. As I'm not a person with imagination, it seemed like a dump. Very big, yes, but a dump.
I was about to leave, but I went with a friend who said to me…
"Isra, go out to the terrace".
When I went out to the terrace of the living room, I knew that this was going to be my house.
Why?
Because the views of the Mediterranean and the mountain were unique. Sublime.
I stayed there a couple of minutes looking, peaceful, listening to the sound of the birds and I imagined myself drinking a beer in the evenings with those views and that wonderful sound thinking... "damn, I have succeeded in life, look what I see, listen what I hear". After those views, I started to look at the house with different eyes. And I went up to the three rooms. One of them with a terrace with even more spectacular views and a huge bathroom incorporated. Only that room was bigger than the first apartment I lived in with a girlfriend at the age of 20.
Then I rediscovered the living room and the access to the terrace, with that light and the kitchen, with a window looking at the green mountain.
On the ground floor I discovered a fourth room with another bathroom (4 bathrooms, 5 rooms, two kitchens and several terraces, madness), there I saw the second kitchen, summer living room and another immense terrace with a pool and a small plot that I thought: it would be great to have a vegetable garden here.
Thanks to those views it all started and we bought it.
And now the pool is a wonderful heated saltwater pool with a small robot that keeps it crystal clear. (I take a bath in the middle of winter at 25ºC looking at the stars).
We also put up solar panels, we pay less than 68€ of light per month in a house like this. Everything is automated. We installed water ducts that eliminates all the lime and a water purifier. With motors throughout the house. We left quite a bit of money in the chalet, now... it's worth an awful lot. The chalet is independent, it is in a very quiet urbanization and full of green areas for your children to play in and a communal pool if you want to make friends. People are very nice, you can believe me. It's fabulous to live here.
And why did I tell you that if you don't have €950,000 you shouldn't keep reading?
Because if you feel like visiting this house, it's very likely that you'll want to buy it.
And what about the friends?
Well, shortly after I arrived I had a party at home, with the barbecue and 18 friends and 7 children came. Everyone was saying... "what a beautiful house", "what a spacious house", "what incredible views", "how great it is to make a barbecue with the pool and with views of the sea"... and well, you know how this goes. The ego sometimes plays us bad and I said a lot about... "well, it's your house", "you can come whenever you want"... things that are said to be nice but some took it literally and I had them all the weekends to do some barbecue party. And I got tired, don't come back... If you are very sociable and you love to have 20 people in your house every Saturday, you have space.
Questions you're asking yourself
- If the house is so good, you've invested so much and it has so many details, why are you selling it?
Because for work reasons, I'm leaving Spain. But this house in this land is a paradise.
-What makes the house special?
Everyone thinks their house is very special, that it is the best. I don't think that. Just that it is a fabulous house, big, bright, that the birds wake you up in the morning and that having breakfast with the views I have for breakfast turns it into a small paradise on earth. But like everything in life, there will be better houses, depending on who. This one, for the price it has, is a luxury.
LBB