This Penthouse is a little piece of heaven situated in this quiet, exclusive development, in La Duquesa, Manilva, Costa del Sol. Relax and enjoy the sound of nature around you from this 3-bedroom top-floor penthouse apartment. Located within a 10-minute walk from sandy beaches and is further enhanced by breathtaking views of the sea, golf, and mountains. The spacious penthouse comprises a spacious 40 m2 living-dining area with access to a large 60 m2 terrace with panoramic views to the south and southeast. The installation of a fully equipped kitchen is optional or if the buyer prefers it will be discounted from the price.
Master bedroom and ensuite bathroom with terrace access. Two spacious bedrooms with fully fitted wardrobes and another bathroom are distributed on one floor. The terrace is Ideal for al fresco dining with a barbeque offering magnificent panoramic sea views. 

The urbanization has a beautiful large swimming pool, barbecue area, and outdoor guest parking. One parking and 1 storage are included in the price.
You can walk to do the shopping, restaurants, doctor, and all the amenities in the area. There is great potential for rentals, holidays, or coastal living, and it is in a perfect location. It's highly recommended. Don't miss this opportunity to come and visit!!!!


Penthouse, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 136 m², Terrace 60 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Renovation Required.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Pre Installed A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Port, Country, Panoramic, Forest.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Handicap access.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Not Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Underground, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Cheap, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Reduced, Resale.
