AN AMAZING OPPORTUNITY!

This is a wonderful and well planned 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom penthouse in a very popular gated urbanization in El Paraíso, Estepona. It is one of the best penthouses in the urbanization due to its corner location and the excellent condition it is in. It feels bright throughout due to the light marble floors, the white walls and its large windows. The apartment has a total of 4 terraces and one balcony, three of them and the balcony are on the entrance level and there also a hugh roof terrace on the upper floor.

You are greeted by an extra-large entrance hall, straight to the right is the kitchen with an open window between the kitchen and the living room. Further inside you enter the large and spacious open plan living room with both dining area and living room in one, in the middle of the living room there is a cozy fireplace perfect for the colder winter months. At the end of the room you will find a large terrace, overlooking the community area and its beautiful gardens. From the living room you have the stairs that take you up to the huge and striking roof terrace of 52 sqm, with plenty of space for the large family, its own shower and with a fantastic view of both the embracing mountains and the sea.

On the left side of the apartment, you will find the apartment's three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The generously sized master bedroom has an en-suite bathroom and a private terrace next to it. The second and the third bedrooms are of a good size, one with an terrace and one with an balcony next to it. These bedrooms are sharing the apartment's second bathroom.

All bedrooms have large fitted wardrobes with full-length mirrors and hot/cold air-condition installed. Both the bathrooms have underfloor heating. Internet with wi-fi connection is installed in the apartment.

The owner has done several renovations of the apartment throughout their ownership. This has included a new kitchen, new bathrooms in 2022 and the installation of a new security door for the entrance. In addition, all the terraces have been retiled.

The overall condition of this apartment is excellent, mainly because, as mentioned above, it has been taken good care of and gradually refurbished and updated through the years.

The apartment is being sold fully furnished and it includes an underground garage space and a large storage room.

The urbanization is completely enclosed, very well-run and protected by high fences, secure gates and 24 hour security cameras. It is surrounded by beautiful, well maintained gardens and has a heated and newly renovated swimming pool. During 2022 the community has installed solar panels that helps the urbanization be as cost effective as possible.

Within a few minutes walking you will find amenities like several restaurants, bars, supermarkets, banks, gym, pharmacy, butchers, cozy cafés, hairdressers and dry cleaners. There is also good bus and taxi connections close to the urbanization. The local beach is only 10 minutes walking distance away.

For the golf enthusiast there are several golf courses not far away and if you want to visit Puerto Banús, San Pedro de Alcántara or Estepona city this is just 10-15 minutes by car.