Welcome to a cozy paradise in Mijas Golf! With views of the golf course, wonderful garden and birdsong, this is an idyllic setting all year round.

The spacious home is located on the ground floor in one of Mijas Golf's most beautiful communities. The home has a fantastic terrace/patio of 80m2 with a view over the golf course and over the beautiful garden and pool area. Here you can sit outside all year round and always have the opportunity to alternate sun/shade and enjoy everyday life to the fullest. There is plenty of space for sunbeds, BBQ and dinner table.

The home is open, bright and spacious. The living room and kitchen are located right next to each other and can, if desired, be opened up to transform it into a large common area. Both rooms have separate access to the patio and garden. There are 3 spacious bedrooms, one of which is en-suite. One of the bedrooms also has direct access to the terrace, which is great in the summer to get a lovely breeze through the whole apartment. There are 3 bathrooms. The entire residence has marble floors.

The kitchen is fully equipped and sold with a washing machine and dishwasher. The home also includes furniture, a private garage space and a storage room.

The newest phase of the association. The tropical garden is unbeatable with 4 large pools as well as 1 children's pool, palm trees and a lovely lawn. It is a closed compound and extra parking spaces are available right outside on the street for guests.

There is a bus stop 200 m from the residence, which makes it easy to transport to, for example, the center of Fuengirola. Nearby there are restaurants, a small grocery store, padel, golf courses, barbecue park and with just a few minutes by car there are larger grocery stores, gyms, cafes, bars, etc. For those who like to exercise, there is a nice walking and cycling path along the river where you can exercise in nature and which leads to the Fuengirola beach promenade.

Here it is calm, harmonious and it is the ideal place if you want to live in a wonderfully peaceful paradise, just a few minutes' drive from the vibrant center of Fuengirola and the beach promenade. Mijas Golf is a well-known area, well-known for its beautiful nature and its spectacular golf course, which is one of the most popular on the coast. You are guaranteed to enjoy yourself here regardless of whether you spend your holidays here or live here permanently. We highly recommend a viewing!

2 min to restaurants
2 min to padel court
5 min to grocery store
8 min to Miramar shopping center
10 min to the center of Fuengirola
10 minutes to the beach
10 min to the center of La Cala
25 min to Malaga airport
30 min to Marbella centre