A well-maintained detached house nestled in a quiet residential neighbourhood of Playamar in Torremolinos. The beaches and chiringuitos of Playamar are a mere 5 minute walk away. Shops and restaurants are even closer. Nevertheless, this 3 bedroom detached house lies in a separate community with a communal pool and has two terraces on the ground floor and a large balcony upstairs. 

Entering the spacious living room you find a pleasant, cosy area to relax with a built-in woodburning fireplace for the cooler winter days. The separate modern kitchen with pantry has passage to a pleasant enclosed patio for dining . The ground floor also a guest toilet.

 Taking the decorative marble staircase to the second floor you will find 3 bedrooms and a large family bathroom with space for the washer and dryer. Each bedroom has built-in closets and overlook the pool area below. The master bedroom has access to the balcony that covers the length of the house.

 Parking is within the community there is also free parking nearby.

 For those seeking the proximity of beaches, restaurants and shops but want the quiet and tranquillity of a residential neighbourhood; this detached home has the perfect location.


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.