Are you looking for a fantastic sea view? Non-destructible? It doesn't get any better than this:

In Marbella you will find this dream of a house with 180º panoramic views of the sea as far as Gibraltar and Africa. It is located in the east of Marbella, above the Elviria urbanisation, very well-known and popular for its super fine sandy beaches, in La Mairena, within walking distance of the German School and the Hofsäss tennis centre. 

The location on the mountain, so to speak "first line", south-facing and directly behind a large nature reserve allows this outstanding and so incredibly far-reaching sea view, which cannot be taken away from you. In this very luxurious and modern renovated terraced house with 3 bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms, you simply cannot escape the sea view. 

We have prepared a guided and commented video tour of the property for you. Please contact us for the link. 

The entrance level of the three-storey house welcomes you with a large and open living area in which the fireplace corner, dining room and living room with double-height ceiling merge seamlessly into one another, along with the semi-open kitchen with cooking island. If you prepare food in the kitchen, you can see the sea; if you eat it in the living or dining room, you can still see it, even from the fireplace corner. There is no way to escape this marvellous view all the way to Morocco. The view is so deep, you have the feeling you could touch the sea. 

A wonderful terrace facing south has another living and dining area and is the perfect place to enjoy the Andalusian sun all year round with both open or closed Lumon windows. 
The modern kitchen has direct access to the terrace at the entrance of the house, with a dining area, a great sofa corner, an area for sun loungers and a large Jacuzzi with shower. This area faces north-west, so you can enjoy the sun here in the late afternoon, but also find shade if the sun on the south-facing terrace gets too much for you. Through the huge kitchen window, you can even see straight through the house to the sea. 

One floor below this main living area is the beautifully remodelled master bedroom suite with open-plan bathroom and wonderful steam bath, which invites you to relax. A further bedroom has a shower room en-suite. Again, both bedrooms on this floor boast incredible sea views: wake up in the morning with a direct view from your pillow across the Mediterranean to Africa. You can walk directly from the rooms onto the covered terrace on this floor and into the heated pool (swim spa) behind it. Enjoy the unbelievably beautiful sea view again while you relax in the water. 

But the living pleasure in this extraordinary home does not end here either. How about a separate area for guests? Would you like to organise your fitness from home in your own gym? Or would you like to have a home cinema or additional bedrooms? All this is possible on the second floor, which already has a large, self-contained flat with a sofa, office and bedroom area and a large shower room with integrated Finnish sauna. The area is so large that it can be customised to suit your personal requirements. 

On this level you also have separate, lower access to the house from the private garage, which is over 15 metres long and offers space for 3 cars and more. There is also a further storage room and a laundry room. 

The house has been completely renovated and modernised. A great, open staircase with windows connects the floors perfectly. 
It has electric blinds in the bedrooms, air conditioning hot/cold, a very efficient pellet stove in the living area, double glazing, Lumon glazing of the upper terrace, steam bath, Finnish sauna, jacuzzi in the garden in front of the house, swim spa, marble floors and parquet design tiled floors in the master bedroom. The lights in the living area and kitchen can be dimmed. 

The location of the house is particularly interesting for people who like to be surrounded by peace and nature, as the residential area of La Mairena offers exactly that. The neighbourhood is also very interesting for families with children who would like to attend the German school, which is just a 5-minute walk away. El Soto Golf Club with its restaurant, clubhouse and tennis court is another great local meeting point, as is the famous Hofsäss tennis centre with bar or the Kudu Bar restaurant. 

You can explore and enjoy the very natural surroundings by walking, cycling or quad biking and still be within 7 minutes' drive down to the most beautiful, fine sandy beaches of Marbella, which are just behind the many shopping facilities and the whole infrastructure with more shops, restaurants and bars of Elviria.

This house is a special property that very rarely comes on the market. It has been superbly renovated. 
Do not hesitate to contact us for a viewing or to request the link to the guided and commented video tour with which we can present the property to you in a very detailed way.

Townhouse, La Mairena, Marbella, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 281 m², Terrace 96 m², Garden/Plot 246 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Gym, Sauna, Games Room, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Domotics, Basement, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Electric Blinds.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment, Luxury, Resale.
