FOR SALE; SPECTACULAR APARTMENT IN THE UPPER PART OF CALAHONDA WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS. MIJAS

Located in a beautiful Andalusian Mozarabic style urbanization, quiet and safe, in the upper part of Calahonda, we find this beautiful apartment that has been tastefully renovated and enjoys panoramic views of the sea and the coast, thanks to its orientation South - Southeast.

To access the apartment, we only go down 8 steps. The apartment has an entrance hall, a fully equipped kitchen, with a laundry area and a 16-meter outdoor patio with a large storage room. A living room with a large window and access to a 16-meter terrace, part of the terrace glazed with glass curtains from the Lumón brand and another open area to enjoy the weather and have your own barbecues.

The house has two bedrooms and two bathrooms. From the master bedroom, you can access the terrace and it has built-in wardrobes and an en-suite bathroom with a Jacuzzi. The second bedroom has a built-in wardrobe and we can access the patio of the house. We also find the second full bathroom to complete the home.
The house has a private community parking space.

The perimeter of the urbanization is closed, it has security cameras and a night guard. The beautiful and well-kept gardens with paths that run through it. It has 3 good swimming pools and a children's play park. where the little ones in the house can play.

Ideal to live all year round or as a second holiday residence, being 1 minute from the urban bus stop and 2 minutes from different restaurants in the area, pizzeria, pub, taxi rank, pet park and playground. In 5 minutes we find different commercial areas, restaurants, different shops and businesses, offices, banks, pharmacies, gyms and tennis and paddle sports areas.
In 5 minutes you can enjoy the coves and beaches of Calahonda and walk along its coastal path.
2 minutes from the connection with the AP-7 Highway. passing through Calahonda and 7 minutes from Cala de Mijas, 18 minutes to Marbella, 14 minutes to Fuengirola and 22 minutes to Malaga airport.