We are pleased to present this extraordinary luxury apartment, located in an exceptional urbanization in the most exclusive area of Marbella, close to the prestigious Gran Meliá Don Pepe hotel and just 150 meters from the beach.

This luxurious property has two bedrooms, two full bathrooms and a courtesy toilet, as well as a beautiful terrace that offers magnificent open views of Sierra Blanca, with direct access to the promenade, providing you with a unique lifestyle next to the Mediterranean Sea.

Upon entering the apartment, you will be greeted by a welcoming entrance hall, followed by a spacious and well-equipped outdoor kitchen with a separate utility room.

The spacious dining room, full of natural light, provides a perfect space for rest and entertainment; In addition, the property has two double rooms, both with complete bathrooms In suite, equipped with underfloor heating to provide maximum comfort; It also has a guest toilet and a wonderful, covered terrace.

This luxury home stands out for its first-class finishes and qualities, with marble floors, ducted air conditioning system and heat pump, and multiple areas of built-in wardrobes with lighting, and the double-glazed exterior carpentry ensures a comfortable atmosphere, comfortable and quiet.

In addition to the interior amenities, the urbanization offers an incomparable residential experience with stunning tropical gardens, 
CCTV security entry system, 24-hour reception and concierge service, two community pools, various shared terraces, coworking spaces, and outdoor areas for relaxation.

It also highlights its direct private access to the beach and the promenade, giving you the opportunity to fully enjoy the coast.

The privileged location of this property offers convenient proximity to a wide variety of services, such as shops, renowned restaurants, shops, and boutiques, all within a few minutes' walk.

Finally, we are pleased to inform you that a garage space and a storage room are included in the price of this exclusive home, making this opportunity an exceptional option for those looking to invest in the real estate market with a focus on luxury and quality of life.

Don't miss the opportunity to acquire this wonderful home with your loved ones.