LOVELY VILLA IN COIN.
Located in Sierra Chica Urbanization, a fairly quiet area next to the La Trocha Shopping Center, just a few minutes by car from the center of Coín and all kinds of bars, restaurants, supermarkets, pharmacy and shops.
The villa is in an excellent condition and built with very good qualities as was built by the owner for himself.
Upon entering through the entrance gate and climbing some steps, we cross a pleasant front porch and we are already inside the house.
Once inside, on the ground floor we find a large hall with access to a bright living room with a fireplace and large windows, on the other side we also find a kitchen with large windows, recently completely renovated and with very little use. On this floor we will also find a bathroom and a bedroom.
On the second floor, we will find five bedrooms, most of them with built-in wardrobes and a large bathroom.
The house offers good qualities such as marble floors, double-glazed oak framed windows plus large terraces with balustrades that are sunny for much of the day and panoramic views to the mountains and the town.
The house has an independent apartment on the ground floor with a living room-kitchen, a bathroom and a separate room.
It also has a large garage with capacity for up to three cars and an exterior roof with enough space to park another two cars.
Outside, we can enjoy a large barbecue area, gardens with various plants and a large swimming pool.
The property is around 30 minutes to the coast - Marbella, Fuengirola, La Cala de Mijas and Malaga town, and 20 minutes to the Malaga airport.

Detached Villa, Coín, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 388 m², Terrace 35 m², Garden/Plot 391 m².
Setting : Suburban, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Urbanisation.
Orientation : West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Basement.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage, More Than One.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment.
