Beachfront apartment at Heaven Beach, New Golden Mile, Estepona.

Outstanding two-bedroom beachfront apartment in Heaven Beach on the New Golden Mile, boasting direct beach access from the terrace – is an ideal property for holiday rentals or to enjoy sunny winters by the seaside. This property features a heated outdoor pool, professional gym, sauna, and round-the-clock security.

This impeccably maintained apartment includes two spacious bedrooms, each with a full en-suite bathroom and dressing area, a guest toilet, and a generous living-dining room with a fireplace. The living room opens directly onto a terrace with sea views, offering an outdoor seating and dining area. 

From the terrace, you have direct access to the garden and pool, leading to the beach where you can join the Heaven surfing Club and the beutiful Guadalmansa Beach right by your door. 

The development is surrounded by beautiful gardens and offers 24-hour security service and fingerprint access at the main gate and the direct garden-to-beach pathway. You will be able to step directly onto The Paseo Litoral lane accessible for cycling or walking to Estepona town centre enjoying the most charming sceneries on the New Golden Mile.

The area is within walking distance of a variety of dining options, including Tikitano Beach, Como Pez en el Agua gastro-bar, and Las Dunas Hotel beach lounge. Golf enthusiasts will appreciate the proximity to Los Flamingos - Villapadierna golf resort, Atalaya, and El Paraiso, all just a 5-minute drive away. Additionally, the Villa Padierna Beach Club offers facilities for paddle, tennis, and croquet. 

In the vicinity there are supermarkets, a pharmacy, bank & shops and if you wish to enjoy Estepona center amenities or the thrilling Puerto Banus are at short 10 minutes drive. The property is sold with two adjacent garage spaces and a  large storage room.

For those seeking to enjoy nature and the sea all year round in an exclusive and secure setting, Heaven Beach is an ideal destination.
