A beautiful quaint townhouse, situated on a quiet pedestrian street in the heart of the old part of the village of Coín, only a short walk from all the facilities the town has to offer, including the main square. 

It maintains many traditional features but has been modernized over the years. The property is distributed over 2 floors plus a lovely open roof terrace overlooking the surrounding mountains and village roof tops. 

Ground floor: you immediately enter the property into a cozy living room with log burner, there is a snug located on the right-hand side of the living room. On the other side of the living room there is a small patio followed by a storage/utility room. The kitchen is fully equipped with oven, gas hob fridge and microwave. The bathroom is located just past the kitchen and is equipped with a shower. 


1st floor: It comprises of 3 bedrooms (2 doubles and a single) the single bedroom is currently divided from the hall by a curtain, but a wall could easily be built to gain more privacy. There is also a family bathroom with bathtub. From the hall a door allows access to a terrace and metal steps lead up to a roof terrace, a stunning spot where you can sit and enjoy all the views. It is equipped with a BBQ and pergola with plenty of space for sun loungers. 

There is open street parking available near the property, approx. 150 meters from the house. There is also has fiber optic internet available.
ABOUT COIN

The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards. 

Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C.

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda.

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'?



Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos




The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.