Welcome to your own private slice of paradise. 
This amazing detached villa has so much to offer and is ideally located with just a four minute walk to the beach and less than a 10 minute walk to a selection of bars, restaurants, shops, a chemist and a beauty salon, all overlooking the stunning Mediterranean sea.
With the local bus route from Fuengirola to Marbella running regularly this property is also suitable for those that would prefer not to drive.
As we enter the first reception area we are greeted with floods of natural light and stunning views of nature, with high ceilings and an attic for lots of additional storage space.
The dining room and living room are open plan to the recently renewed kitchen with a brand new gas hob and all white goods and worktops this is a turn key opportunity. 
From the living room we then find a spacious master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a second spacious bedroom also with an en-suite bathroom.
As we then move down to the gardens the first thing we notice are the aromas of the pink grapefruit tree, the mandarin tree and the Sevilla orange tree beside your private pool and outdoor living space.
With a covered outdoor fully equipped bar and bbq area you have the perfect place for entertaining or to just take in the Spanish weather and charms.
Please note that this property is devided in to two independent living spaces and you need to use the exterior stairs to access the lower level.
At this pool level as we enter the property we have a second welcoming reception with a living room, kitchen and a games room with a pool table and darts. This also leads you through to two more large bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and a large family bathroom making this possible to have a completely separate self contained apartment for guests.
The vendor of this property has ensured that all the renovations have been done to the highest standards with attention to detail giving you all of the conveniences you could need to live here as a permanent residence or to keep as a holiday home, with fibre optic installed, UPVC double glazed windows in the main home and so much more.
Although this property has a private pool, you also have use of multiple communal pools on the urbanisation el Faro that it is a part of.
This beautiful property is going to be the base to make your family's future memories that will last forever. 
Book your visit today.
Virtual tours can be easily arranged



