Modern 3-4 bed luxury penthouse only 700m from San Pedro's beautiful palm tree lined promenade & beaches. With enormous 141 m2 terraces & panoramic sea views. Surrounded by San Pedro del Alcantara's popular shops, bars & restaurants.

This fantastically located duplex penthouse is only around 8-9 mins walk to beautiful beaches and palm tree lined promenade. The enormous south facing terrace areas offer beautiful panoramic Mediterranean sea views, making it ideal for both entertaining and just sunbathing / chilling.

You can walk to lots of fabulous restaurants & bars within minutes and for the big nights out, you are only approx 5 mins drive to the world famous Puerto Banus Marina where the rich and famous like to spend their relaxation time, shopping in the designer boutiques & fine dining amongst the super yachts. You are also under 10 minutes drive to the incredibly charming Old Town of Marbella with its maze of narrow lanes dotted with amazing restaurants and boutique shops. Marbella also has a long bustling shopping boulevard and restaurant lined promenade overlooking its beautiful beaches.

PENTHOUSE

As you enter this lovely modern 143 m2 (+141 m2 terraces) penthouse you are first greeted with its bright open plan living area and kitchen. You then instantly notice the beautiful blue sea line, through its large double glazed patio doors. These patio doors open up to the lower spacious terrace with panoramic sea views and plenty of room for both lounge and dinning sets etc. The open plan kitchen has a second door to the terrace, fitted units and work top with sink, oven, hob & hood along with integrated dishwasher and fridge freezer. There is an open hallway leading to 3 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and sea views. There are two luxury shower rooms (one en suite). Then there is a set of marble stairs leading to the upstairs living area / room with patio doors leading out to an enormous terrace area, again south facing with panoramic sea views. This upstairs living area / room, would make an ideal entertainment area, home office, or 4th guest bedroom. Personally I would make it a combination of all 3 with a desk set, TV and lounge set with pull out sofa bed. This property also benefits from cream marble floors, quality double glazed windows & patio doors, central hot & cold air-con, large underground parking space and large storage room. The modern well kept community has a swimming pool area, surrounded by plenty of sunbeds, with showers etc.

The vendor has informed us that:

Community Charges are approx. € 255 per month.

IBI (Council Tax) is: approx. € 1,535 per annum.

BASURA (Rubbish Bill) is approx. € 186 per annum.

With its LPO (first occupation License) this would make a superb luxury permanent home / holiday home or a "buy to let" investment. It is one of the best located modern large developments in the area and it is also the best located property in this development, as it only has low rise buildings in front of it, offering fabulous sea views that most of the properties in this same development don't even have.

Modern luxury penthouse for sale in Marbella's beautiful San Pedro Beachside area. Originally marketed at € 1,200,000 but now reduced to only € 975,000 for a quick sale. Don't miss out, contact us now to reserve or view.