Location! Location! Location! Stunning, south facing mountain views, situated between two major inland towns and yet only 25 minutes to the coast and airport! Reformed Country Villa built on one level with urban classification, self contained guest apartment and Equestrian facilities, with a 3 bed, 2 bath house plus a 2 bed, 1 bath self contained guest apartment and separate games room and bar.  The built total of the living accommodation is 276m² and with a total constructed area, including all outbuildings of 1,753m² occupying 10,773m² of completely flat useful land (on the Catastro).  The property consists of a main bungalow style detached house 228m², with 3 double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms (1 en-suite to master bed has been newly refitted to a very high spec.), spacious living room, second lounge room with access to the rear terrace, and a spacious open plan fully fitted luxury kitchen/dining room.  The front porch is the perfect place to sit and relax with breakfast to enjoy the early morning sun.

In addition, there is a self-contained guest apartment 48m² with lounge 2 bedrooms, kitchen, and bathroom.  Next to the guest house there is a bar/games room with new pool table and a foldaway ping pong table.  The swimming pool is a huge 13x5m (66m²) in size and in one corner of the pool terrace sits a covered 6-man Jacuzzi to enjoy the warm evenings. The beautiful, manicured gardens and outside terrace areas have been maintained meticulously.  The house is approached by a long palm tree lined driveway and double automatic gates.

This is an equestrian property first and foremost and has the OCA licence for 5 horses.  There is a well built stable block with 6 horse boxes five are 3m x 4m and one is extra wide 4m x 4m, all are equipped with an automatic water supply.  A big dry hay barn.  2 paddocks and a sand riding arena.  There are also several outbuildings to the rear of the main house which would also make it ideal for use in animal grooming.  There is also a fully enclosed kennels area.  5 Garages (one double car width) covered parking for 3 more vehicles, and additional storage areas.  There is an orchard area to the rear and side of the property bearing many fruits trees to including, avocado, mango, orange, and lemon fruit trees.  Views are stunning panoramic in all directions.

The water supply is from two own wells located on the property itself which provide good quality water for the houses, stables, pool and irrigation of the gardens and land at no cost.  Access is very easy, and the location ideally situated between Alhaurín el Grande and Alhaurín de la Torre, giving excellent access to the local main town centres, airport, and the coast (25 mins).  From the property you can immediately hack out from the property to the surrounding countryside and up on the Sierra de Mijas Mountain where there are many nature trails through the forest.  A major popular parkland 27-hole Golf Course is just 5 minutes away.  The property is fully legal and registered in the land registry and local town hall Catastro accordingly. Reduced from €995,000 !!