This incredible house is situated in one of the most prestigious and well renowned urbanizations in the Marbella area.

The Jardines Colgantes are found just on the edge of Marbella but only just minutes away from busy retail areas and shopping centers. These highly regarded 'hanging gardens' are found in an area that sits just above Marbella's main avenue and its sandy beaches, the area known as the famous Golden Mile, and an area regarded for its air of opulence and sophistication.

This property boasts 4 spacious and luxuriously furnished bedrooms, each one enjoying breathtaking views across lush green tropical gardens and down over and across the Marbella coastline. These views extend across to encapsulate the coastline of North Africa, the Atlas Mountains and more! Each bathroom is well lit and ventilated and dressed in the finest marble and porcelain. 

The combined living and dining space is curved and extensive, offering those stunning views through numerous large and expansive windows, through which the bright natural light of the Southern Spanish sun streams in.  

The kitchen is fully fitted, light and offers plenty of storage space. There is also room for a dining area with table and chairs for those early morning breakfasts. There is also a breakfast bar for those on the run!

There are two extremely large terraces complete with both chill out areas and dining spaces, two of which are placed by the exterior barbeque area. These offer an outdoor open air dining experience but at the same time are only dappled in sunlight thanks to a pergola style cover which keeps the stronger sunlight away whilst entertaining. 

The other terrace opens up to showcase the private pool and terraces sun lounging areas. These again offer even clearer and more beautiful views of the coastline, yet at the same time offer complete privacy. The backdrop to the whole property is of course the stunning La Concha Mountain, synonymous with Marbella.

This complex offers a prestigious home, holiday or permanent, to any discerning buyer looking to maximize their enjoyment out of living so close to the shoreline yet just minutes away from Marbella centre, Puerto Banús and other stylish high-end shopping areas - and lets not forget about the many top quality restaurants that are situated along the coast! Coupled with a vibrant nightlife all year round, this property is perfectly situated to make the most of every aspect of Mediterranean living.