An outstanding individual property in a truly stunning setting with spectacular views towards Alhaurin el Grande and the Sierra de Mijas. Situated in the sought after picturesque area of Las Lomas, this immaculately presented home has a traditional modern style in a semi-rural area: whilst secluded, is not isolated, offering a quiet peaceful location within easy reach of all the facilities of Alhaurin el Grande, Coín and the coast beyond. 


Built in 2004, and fully renovated, this lovely home sits on a plot of 2541m2, with the pool area and terrace around offering low maintenance with a concrete path leading down to a private seating area at the bottom of the garden.


Outside you will find a lovely outdoor kitchen area, bespoke individually designed pergola stretching the full length of the house, with a retractable roof and walls, all motorized; a truly stunning area to enjoy al fresco living with ample space for a lounge and dining area. The decking is composite meaning it has very little maintenance. 


The accommodation is set over one floor. You enter into a lovely open plan kitchen/living area, flooded with an abundance of light. A feature fire place dominates this room. The kitchen is modern and fully fitted with a large breakfast bar. Continue through and you will find a master bedroom with en-suite shower room, built in wardrobes and direct access out onto the covered terrace. Next to this is another double bedroom with walk in wardrobe. Furthermore, there is a family shower room, all recently refurbished to a high standard.


Access to the property is very good with covered private parking. All air conditioning units are new. Water is supplied from a private well located on the property.


For more information, please contact one of our sales representatives who would be more than happy to help. Viewings are highly recommended. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.