This beautiful apartment is located within walking distance to the La Cala Golf Resort, with its golf course, padel courts, spa and restaurants. Also within walking distance is the La Cala Golf Academy.

Upon entering the hallway, you have the double glass doors in front of you that lead to the dining area and living room. At the end of the room is the large balcony with open panoramic views of the mountains, sea, and golf resort. The balcony extends along the length of the apartment with room for seating and dining while enjoying the view.



 The spacious apartment has two large bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom has separate closets with ensuite bathroom and access to the balcony. The second guest bedroom also has built-in closets and access to the back garden terrace. 

The kitchen also opens to a separate large enclosed terrace, combining an extra private area for dining/barbeque and storage.

 The high quality of the materials used, and the ample closet spaces makes this an ideal apartment for all year round living.

 The communal gardens are beautifully maintained and the large infinity pool makes a perfect setting to relax and enjoy 

The apartment includes a garage space and storage room with elevator access.



The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.