Massively reduced - Stunning totally reformed 4 bed luxury Penthouse, private roof pool, front-line golf, sea views, enormous terraces. In top "Nueva Andalucia" development just behind Marbella's Puerto Banus Marina.

PENTHOUSE:

Very luxurious & spacious (215 m2) Penthouse with 4 double bedrooms, 4 en-suite bathrooms and enormous terrace areas (220 m2) offering all day sunshine for "al fresco" entertaining / chilling. It also has a fabulous and very private decking area hosting a stylish plunge pool / jacuzzi, fitted with 2 water sun beds.

This one of a kind penthouse has been totally reformed to a very high standard with ultra modern fitted kitchen, Siemens electrical appliances, intelligent home system, air-con, sun blinds, underfloor heating in bathrooms, beautiful concealed mood lighting inside and out, in ceiling speakers and quality windows and patio doors. The lift gives access to both levels of the penthouse. The majority of the accommodation is on the lower level, with the first floor hosting the Master bedroom suite with large walk in wardrobe / changing room and en-suite bathroom. The property also includes 2 large underground parking spaces, buggy garage and storage room.

This designer penthouse is perfectly fitted out with designer furniture, that could possibly be negotiated in to the sale.

DEVELOPMENT:

Situated in a prestigious gated development front-line to Las Brisas Golf Course, with incredible landscaped gardens and 24 hr security. The development has an enormous outdoor swimming pool (ideal for keen swimmers) with easy beach entrance and a small palm tree island. Plus a heated indoor pool for the cooler winter months. Indoor gymnasium overlooking garden area and an indoor spa area with jacuzzi, Turkish bath, sauna and changing rooms. Only minutes walk to the classy Las Brisas and Los Naranjos Club Houses / restaurants.

LOCATION:

Located in one of Marbella's most sought after residential locations "Nueva Andalucia", only 10 mins drive away from the world famous luxury marina / beach town of Puerto Banus. Puerto Banus is one of the most chic marinas in the world, full of designer shops and luxury restaurants. The beaches along this part of the coastline are stunning and host most of Spain's top beach clubs / restaurants. However, due to its popularity (hustle and bustle) most buyers prefer to live just outside this area in the beautiful Nueva Andalucia Golf Valley, which is a more classy and tranquil location. Clients can then dip in and out of Puerto Banus as and when they want to party with the rich and famous. Marbella's incredibly beautiful old town and palm tree lined promenade are also only around 15 mins drive away. Malaga airport is only approx. 40 mins drive away.

This stunning and unique designer penthouse was originally marketed at 2,750,000 € the property has been massively reduced by 750k to now only 1,995,000 € making it the best value of it's type / location. So don't delay reserve / view now.