This stunning south facing 2 bedroom apartment offered for sale is situated in the well established development of Los Pinos within Los Arqueros Golf and Country Club.. The apartment consists of a large living dining area with large patio windows leading on to the very bright south facing terrace which boast breathtaking views across of Los Arqueros, the golf course, lake, mountains and on to to the sea. A spacious kitchen with a separate utility area, the bedrooms are separated from the living area by a door leading to a small hallway leading on too the  two large double bedrooms, the master with its own en suite bathroom and the second bedroom has the use of the guest shower room, also there is a storage cupboard in the hallway and both bedroom have amble wardrobe storage and large patio windows to the terraces.. (second bedroom a small balcony terrace) private garage parking space and internal large storeroom in the basement .
High quality specifications feature throughout with every apartment benefiting from cream marble floors, fully fitted kitchen and hot and cold A/C.  
Los Pinos is a gated community of 72 properties within Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club Surrounded by landscaped tropical gardens, Los Pinos has two swimming pools one of which is heated, the larger has views to the sea & mountains.  Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, located just minutes from Marbella, the world famous Puerto Banus and the traditional Spanish town of San Pedro de Alcantara and set amongst the foothills of Sierra de Ronda, Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club offers a combination of spectacular surrounding scenery, open spaces and exceptional views over the Mediterranean sea. 
Los Arqueros is more than an urbanisation is spread around the sleek green fairways of the Sevi Ballesteros-designed 18-hole course. High quality prevails in each of the Taylor Wimpey built properties. High-spec kitchens, sizeable terraces, gardens and pools are just some of the benefits within each. Whatever your taste or requirement, your needs will be met with attention to detail afforded at every opportunity. 
Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, as its name suggests, provides more than a challenging course with stunning surrounds. Other great facilities, such as the tennis, paddle & squash courts, gym, driving range, Pro shop, 2 restaurants, bar and Sport bar with ten-pin all on site.