Detached Villa, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 5 Bathrooms, Built 369 m², Terrace 51 m², Garden/Plot 906 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Jacuzzi, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Electric Blinds, Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Investment, Luxury.
Great investment opportunity!
Tourist license
LPO
This totally newly and tastefully renovated (2021) villa with private pool & jacuzzi is a fantastic investment opportunity for you, who require the best of the best. It is one of a kind!

The location of this spectacular villa is perfect with amazing views over the Mediterranean Ocean, the mountains and Fuengirola bay.

The entire house is furnished with brand new contemporary comfortable furniture of highest quality in Scandinavian style with a touch of exotic Africa. The harmony of this villa makes you relax as soon as you enter.

The same decor and styling have been applied throughout the house which creates a harmonic and cosy home with lots of open spaces.

The property is in two levels:

Upper level:
Consist of a spacious and bright entry hall, a fully equipped kitchen with brand new appliances, a spacious bedroom with direct access to the upper terrace, a modern bathroom with shower, a cosy and bright living /dining room furnished with lounge furniture, a large dining table and a comfortable corner sofa, and with floor to ceiling doors leading to a very large 30 m2 south-east facing covered terrace furnished with a large dining table and lounge chairs for you to relax and enjoy the sunset and getting rid of any stress.

Lower level:
This level consists of a bright and spacious hall with high ceiling and furnished with comfortable sofas, 3 spacious bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, 2 of them with direct access to the lower terrace, 3 bathrooms, all of them "én suite" and a 31 m2 south-east facing covered terrace furnished with another large dining table and direct access to the garden and pool area.

Garden & pool area:
In the pool area you will find comfortable garden furniture, parasols and sunbeds as well as exotic plants, which makes the entire outdoor area so beautiful. There is also a fully equipped outdoor kitchen, BBQ, shower and a laundry room with washing machine, dryer and bathroom. There is a gated carport/garage.

There is a small garden with green lawns adorned with citrus trees and exotic plants and flowers.

There are simply so many cosy places and corners to relax outside and enjoy the day and night.

At night the views over the city of Fuengirola and the Mediterranean Sea are indescribable  .

Amenities:
Parking
air conditioning in all rooms
Several Smart TVs
Electric blinds
BBQ
Washing machine/dryer
Dishwasher
Ping pong ball table & bats
Outdoor kitchen
Private pool
Jacuzzi

Distances:
Malaga airport: 26km
Supermarket: 1km
bar / restaurants: 1km
Fuengirola beach: 7km
Fuengirola: 6km
Spa wellness: 1km
Golf: 12km
Bus: 1km
Taxi : 1km
Hiking: 1km

This fantastic accommodation is perfect for living and as an investment. The villa is about 1 km from the popular Mijas Pueblo with all amenities.

Mijas Pueblo
This beautiful villa is located next to Mijas Pueblo, a stunning white mountain village, about 400 meters above sea level and about 10 km from the coast. This charming "pueblo blanco" (white village) is one of the most popular attractions in Costa del Sol all year round. The atmosphere in this village is an inspiration to many artists and writers, who have chosen to live there and enjoy the authentic, tranquil Andalusian lifestyle. The village will simply steal your heart with the beautiful white houses, cosy souvenir shops and boutiques, cafes and restaurants with stunning views and many activities such as Flamenco dance every week.

The village is also visited by many hikers all year around due to the beautiful nature around Mijas Pueblo with several amazing hiking trails of varying difficulties and challenges.

Attractions
The location near the vibrant cities of Fuengirola, Marbella, Puerto Banús, Benalmádena, Torremolinos & Malaga offers a variety of activities, from fun on the beach with many kinds of water sports to cultural experiences. For art lovers the city of Málaga is a must with its many museums, among them Picasso and Carmen Thyssen. For entertainment, Puerto Banús in Marbella is one of the largest entertainment centres on the Costa del Sol. If you are feeling adventurous, explore El Caminito del Rey – The King's Path – a walkway that's pinned along the steep walls of a gorge. Or opt for a more leisurely experience at the botanical garden near Málaga. Or maybe you prefer spending the day at one of the many exclusive golf courses nearby. The options are many and for the entire family.
