This is a fabulous, well-presented three-bed duplex penthouse, with sea views, located in the beachside complex, Manilva Beach.  Manilva Beach is located on one of the most beautiful, unspoilt beaches in Manilva.   From this urbanisation you have direct access to the promenade and beach.

This duplex is like a townhouse.  You access it via some external stairs but once in, it is in the layout of a  house.  The house is built to good quality specifications with air-conditioning ( hot and cold) throughout, marble floors, fitted wardrobes and fully fitted kitchen.  There is lots of outside space allowing you to enjoy the morning and evening sun.  There are three terraces: the main terrace on the first floor and two terraces on the top floor.

On the second floor, you have three bedrooms and two bathrooms.  The main bedroom is ensuite, with a lovely, modern, refurbished bathroom with a walk-in shower.  The bedroom has a private terrace.  There are stunning sea views.  Wake up in the morning to a view of the sea.  Sit out with a good book and coffee and enjoy the fabulous lifestyle.  A truly perfect spot.  The second bedroom also has access to a private terrace and views of the communal gardens.  The third bedroom has superb sea views.

The apartment comes with an allocated parking space.

As you enter through the main door, you walk into a lovely lounge/dining room with a lovely open fireplace.  On this level, you also have a guest toilet and a fabulous, refurbished modern kitchen.   As you walk out of the lounge through double balcony doors, you have a terrace.  This is a fabulous spot for dining al fresco and you have views of the communal gardens, swimming pool and padel tennis court.

Manilva Beach is in a fabulous location. The urbanisation has direct access to one of the best beaches on the Costa del Sol and a promenade.  Marina de la Duquesa and Sabinillas are within easy walking distance, but if you don't want to go far, there is a fabulous chiringuito, &#039;Manilva Beach&#039; on the beach right outside the urbanisation!  There is also a faulous Spanish restaurant called San Rafael, near the entrance to the urbanisation.  The urbanization has great facilities including 4 swimming pools, a tennis court, a padel tennis court, and communal guest parking. 

This would be an ideal main or holiday home. It is only 30 minutes away from Gibraltar airport and only an hour from Malaga. If golf is your passion, you are surrounded by world-famous golf courses – Valderrama in Sotogrande is 10 minutes away, as is Finca Cortesin in Casares. Duquesa also has its own golf course.

Come View with Me!