Fabulous opportunity to buy a luxury  3 bedroom ground floor apartment in one of the most sought after places to live in Marbella.  This luxury apartment is located in the Mansion Club one of Melvin Villarroel's design in exclusive Sierra Blanca area of Marbella.  Mansion Club is renowned for it's design and beautiful landscaped gardens lwhich have really nice water features through out.   A complete Oasis and yet so near the centre of Marbella and Puerto Banus with it's Marinas, long sandy beaches, beach clubs, shops, restaurants, night club everything you need under the sun which shines all year round.  It is a gated complex with 24hrs security.

Enter into the apartment to a real sensation of luxury and space, you have on the left a new refurbished American style kitchen with with breakfast  bar,  large sitting/dining room which leads out to a bright sunny terrace with glass curtains so this creates  another large  sitting and dining room area which is so cosy in the winter and cool in the summer.  This leads out to another part of the terrace al fresco and garden where you can sunbath  w sound of thith the background noise of the  little stream/water feature in the garden area so makes it even more relaxing.

One one side of the sitting room you have access to two double bedrooms and a bathroom and on the other side you have the master-bedroom with bathroom ensuite which has a jazussi bath and featured fitted wardrobes.

The apartment also has underground parking and store room and there is visitor's parking area outside the apartment.

Withing the complex you have two pool areas one with a snack bar open during the summer season, gym and indoor pool.

This is a fully enclosed complex and has a 24hr security at the entrance.

Location needless to say is one of the highlights of the Mansion Club as you are only 5 mins drive to the centre of Marbella or Puerto Banus, easy access to the AP7 , 40 mins to Malaga Airport.  Surrounded by numerous golf courses which are found on the Costa del Sol such as Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha, Santa Clara, Rio Real, Marbella Golf & Country Club , Finca Cortesin, Valderrama to mention just a few.

Marbella also renowned for its boutique and shops located both in the centre of Marbella along the sea front and the Orange Square and also in Puerto Banus, La Cañada Shopping Centre close by and also El Corte Ingles in Puerto Banus.

There are also many International and Bilingual schools in the area.

This apartment is ideal to live in all year around, use as a holiday home and also have great rental potential.  Your ideal Dream Home in the Sun.




