CHARMING 3 BEDROOM  COUNTRY VILLA - COIN.
This lovely country finca with AFO is located on an elevated plot with stunning countryside views just outside the lively centre of Coin.
This charming property is light and bright and is presented in immaculate condition.  It is accessed via a fully concrete road and is entered through imposing electric gates. The house is very private and secure with impressive stone walls and quality wooden fencing. 
The house consists of a spacious living/dining room with high vaulted ceilings and a wood burner, there is a fully fitted kitchen, 3 double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms including the master en suite which opens directly onto the terrace..
Outside the villa is perfect for outdoor living having an outdoor kitchen with Barbeque. a lovely  heated swimming pool positioned to have sun all day long and a spacious shady covered terrace ideal for al fresco dining. There are wonderful panoramic views of the surrounding countryside from all around the pool and terrace areas. The garden area is mainly flat and tiled and gravelled so although large is very easily maintained,. There are pretty mediterranean plans and fruit trees around the pool area. There is also a covered  car port and a useful large storage shed.
The property has Full AFO, solar water heating, a solar heated swimming pool,  underfloor heating throughout, a wood burning stove,  double glazing and air conditioning.  
The centre of Coin with its supermarkets, shops, schools, bars and restaurants is only a 6/7 minute drive  away.
This really is a lovely permanent or holiday home offered at a very competitive price. Early viewings are highly recommended
COIN
Coin sits at the foot of the Sierra de Mijas in inland Málaga and overlooks the spectacular Guadalhorce valley, one of the most beautiful areas in southern Spain, where the lush landscape is covered in orchards and farmland and there are stunning mountain views. The town itself has grown in popularity and has become a popular destination for expats wanting to live in a more authentic Andalucian environment. The town offers good shopping, dining - Coin provides some excellent dining options, from cheap and cheerful tapas, to some of the best country Ventas in the area -and leisure facilities. Located just 20 minutes' drive from the popular coastal town of Marbella .25 minutes from Malaga airport and with glorious beaches, lakes, towns and villages on its doorstep. it is easy to see why the lively little town has become a much loved home to residents from all over Europe.
