Wonderful 2nd floor corner apartment located in the sought after area of La Mairena, an exclusive tree lined estate of enduring beauty bounded by a protected green belt that has been declared a natural biosphere reserve by the UNESCO. The appartment is impeccably presented, you'll be struck by the brightness of the room and the incredible view as you enter the beautiful, light-filled living & dining room which seems to blend in with the large sunny terrace thanks to the superb foldable bay windows. The views over the forest, the mountains and all the way to the sea are truly spectacular. The terrace with electric and retractable awnings offers great space for sunbathing, as well as alfresco sitting and dining areas while enjoying these spectacular views. Semi-open fully equipped kitchen. 2 double bedrooms with generous wardrobes and 2 bathrooms of which the beautiful and spacious master suite with bathroom en-suite and large private terrace ideal to enjoy the afternoon sun during the winter month. Small development, gated community with large communal Infinity pool, sauna 
The apartment comes with 2 underground private parking spaces and a large storage room.
Bedrooms: 2  |  Bathrooms: 2 | Inside area: 112m2 | Terraces: 62m2 | Orientation: S/E | 2 underground private parking spaces   | Storeroom | Communal pool | Built year: 2007

Airport: 35 min drive - Puerto Banus: 20 min drive - Marbella: 15min drive - Golf Course: 3 min drive - Beach: 10min drive - Closest bars & restaurants: 2 min drive - Amenities: 9 min drive - Public Transports: 9 min drive

The property market on the Costa del Sol is seriously recovering and good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.