Fabulous 2 bed, corner ground floor  apartment, with amazing views situated in La Mairena (Elviria - Marbella.)

The outstanding views from the living area are over the Mijas mountain range, with views of the village and out to sea. The property has an impressively large, wrap-around garden, with the possibility of installing a private pool. The property itself comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, one of which is en-suite. A fully equipped kitchen and laundry/utility room. There is also two allocated garages space and a storeroom. The development itself is a gated community of apartments set on 3 floors, with beautiful, landscaped communal gardens and swimming pool. It's located in the sought-after La Mairena community, known for it's spectacular views and tranquil surroundings. The popular beach area of Elviria (Marbella) is just a 10 minute drive away. Viewings are highly recommended for this fabulous holiday or full time home.

In the highly attractive and chic city of Marbella you can still find heaps of authentic Spanish charm with a modern a la mode feel. Comfortably located along a beautiful 27km stretch of Mediterranean beach-side and with the Sierra Blanca mountain range as a back drop you will find everything here that both the holiday maker and those permanently residing in Spain could ask for. Choose from a busy port alongside a stunning promenade perfect for cycling, skating, jogging and strolling. Or wonder through the Old Town and get lost amongst the tiny winding back streets overflowing with brightly coloured Bougainvilleas and housing an array of shops and superb restaurants that spark the sense of curiosity. Everything is on hand with all of the normal Banks, Shops and every local business we require in our day to day life. Located just 30 minutes from Málaga Airport, Marbella acts as a very comfortable in between spot to reach other towns along the Costa del Sol coastline such as Elviria and La Cala to your East and Puerto Banús, San Pedro and Estepona to your West.

Whilst we always make utmost efforts to keep property availability and prices fully up to date, please be advised that any current displayed details are subject to change without notice due to sales activities.

Rest assured, our listings are checked and updated weekly for pricing and availability.