Brand new listing. 
AQUALINA IN LA QUINTA...INCREDIBLE VIEWS.
New key-ready Marbella home being sold fully furnished and ready to move in!
A spacious 3 bedroom middle floor la Quinta property. Located in Benahavis, but within easy access of Marbella and Puerto Banus, this luxury apartment is part of the community known as Aqualina, built in 2020, and benefits from a fabulous hill-side location ensuring wonderful views and optimum luminosity. A boutique Marbella residence of luxurious contemporary style apartments with large terraces, surrounded by relaxing Mediterranean gardens that give them privacy. They are located in one of the most desired areas of the Costa del Sol.
This excellent new listing is a 3 bedroom middle floor apartment, which is spacious and bright and has excellent sea views.
Thanks to the clever design of Aqualina, this apartment has wonderful elevation. It can be accessed on foot from the street level, which is at the rear and higher than the apartment, or from the secure parking which is underneath the apartments. From here an elevator leads to the immaculate hallway outside the front door of this gorgeous home. Entering the property in Benahavis, the first impression is of the views that sweep down to the coast of Marbella. Open views, with nothing obstructing their enjoyment. 
The open plan living area is integrated with the American style kitchen, with large island in the middle giving plenty of space to move around whilst preparing food, and with ample kitchen cupboards. There is at the back of the kitchen a separate utility room, with washer, dryer, water heater and additional room for storing all cleaning tools and products, to make sure that the main kitchen is always left uncluttered.
Located in the exclusive area of Benahavis rjust on the border of la Quinta, Marbella, the elegant residences are perfectly positioned for enjoying every aspect of luxury living on the Costa del Sol with the glamorous boutiques of Marbella and stylish marina of Puerto Banus under 10 minutes away and surrounded by some of the best golf courses in the area including El Higueral - a beautiful 9-hole course built along the banks of the Guadalmina river, as well as Los Arqueros and La Quinta.
