Spacious and bright 3-bedroom penthouse in Estepona East, ideal for holidays

Wonderful penthouse in Estepona East, only 2 km from Marbella, in walking distance to all amenities, perfect for your holidays and also to rent out for vacations. This sunny and spacious 3 double bedroom penthouse with 2 bathrooms, is situated in El Pilar, with only a 2-minute walk to the supermarket Opencor and the famous restaurant La Masala. There are many other shops, restaurants, bars and cafes within only a 5-minute walk. 

We have prepared a commented and guided video tour throughout the property. Please contact us for the link. 

The penthouse is located on the first floor in a very beautiful and cosy typical Andalusian apartment complex. It has two big communal pools, one of which is heated, both set in very beautiful and manicured communal gardens. 

You can enjoy the sun all day long on two terraces, as one is orientated to the South and the other to the West. The green area you look at from both terraces is qualified as public green area in the Zoning Plan of Estepona, thus nothing can be built in front of the penthouse. 

Coming into the property there is an entrance hall created by a closed in front porch. The separate kitchen invites you on the left of the entrance and is fully fitted and very well equipped with many big cupboards.

The lounge dining area is very spacious and bright, due to the big window doors that give access to the South facing terrace. On the right of the dining area, we already find two double bedrooms that share a modernized bathroom. They also give access to the West facing terrace. Further to the right end of the lounge there is the master bedroom suite with a new shower room and a dressing area. 
The apartment is very nicely furnished in modern style and has marble floors. 

The entrance hall is fitted with extra storage cupboards and the penthouse benefits from a store room on the ground floor under its staircase for things like golf clubs and bikes.

This is the perfect place for you to relax and enjoy your holidays in wonderful gardens and with the comfort of all necessary infrastructure just next to you. 

Penthouse, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 107 m², Terrace 19 m².
Local Rates (IBI): 477 €/year, Rubbish Collection (Basura): 115 €/year, Community Fees: 226 €/month. 

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal, Heated, Children`s Pool.
Views : Garden.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Landscaped.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Bargain, Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
