The development is a stunning boutique development of 48 contemporary apartments located in a sought after Estepona address,
one of the most popular areas on the Costa del Sol. The apartment is in a prime location within a few minutes walk of the beach
and a wealth of nearby amenities, as well as some of the best golf courses on the Costa del Sol. Boasting a superb large
South facing terrace perfect for enjoying a luxury outdoor lifestyle on the Costa del Sol.
The apartment consists of a 3 bedrooms of which the main bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and separate walk-in wardrobe. The other two bedrooms share a modern bathroom and both bedrooms have their private access through a sliding door to their private garden area. the main bedroom leads onto a very large South facing Terrace.
The contemporary open plan kitchen allows for great light and space to be enjoyed all the way from the kitchen through the dining area, the lounge onto the semi covered terrace. the terrace has ample space to accommodate for an 8 to 12 seater dining table, loungers outdoor lounge and a BBQ area.
In addition the washing room is separate and contains a washing machine, dryer and space for ironing and storage.
The apartment includes a storage room and private parking in the basement.
It is well placed for enjoying all that vibrant Marbella and Puerto Banus offer including elegant boutiques and traditional tapas
restaurants. Just 15 minutes East these resorts offer fine dining, exclusive clubs and yacht clubs, whilst the polo fields and high-class
marina of Sotogrande are 15 minutes West all connected by the main coastal road. In charming Estepona there is plenty to enjoy with
the lovely marina area offering a selection of restaurants whilst the quaint old town provides a labyrinth of streets to explore and the
beachside promenade is the place to walk with your friends and family enjoying fabulous views.
These uniquely designed residences combine a mixture of natural elements to blend flawlessly into.