This finca, situated in the hills just above Estepona's old town and center, has been fully renovated to the highest standards with a clear philosophy in mind - to embody a true Andalusian dream!
Estepona has established itself as one of the Costa del Sol's most sought-after and versatile towns with a lively center boasting a myriad of amenities, an authentic & charming old town as well as a boardwalk with beautiful sandy beaches.
Villa Jasmine is a mere 2 km from town, yet immerses you in the pristine landscape of rolling hills at the foot of the Sierra Bermeja.
The property offers a spacious plot with good orientation and open panoramic views to the Mediterranean Sea below.
The character and soul of the original finca have been conserved beautifully in the form of the facades full of character and the exposed wooden beams enabling beautiful vaulted ceilings.
Yet without losing these warm vintage aspects, the property has been renovated completely so that modern conveniences and traditional charm can harmoniously intertwine.
The property comprises of a main house, kitchen and a guest house which have all been connected by a clever practical use of terraces, porches and a carefully designed garden.

As you enter the property you are met with a spacious and lovely front driveway with a petanque area on the side.
The main house offers a cozy lounge with fireplace and access to the covered terrace. There are three guest bedrooms, two of which with en-suite bathrooms, and an extra bathroom.
The master bedroom has a handy dressing area, en-suite bathroom and access to the terrace.
Upstairs is a spacious study and TV-lounge, once again with exposed authentic wooden beams forming the gorgeous vaulted ceiling.
Via the aforementioned covered terrace we reach the separate kitchen building with outdoor lounge, dining area and kitchen with grill and pizza oven.
Inside, the kitchen is fully fitted and offers a homely and inviting feeling with kitchen island and dining area.
The back of the kitchen building houses the laundry room and to the side is a sauna with views to the garden and pool area.
The large lagoon-style pool is another incredible eye catcher with an immediate wow-factor.
Lastly, aside the pool area is a convenient independent guest house perfect for guests desiring a bit of autonomy.
The guest house has a lovely little porch entrance with a living room and kitchenette as well as two bedrooms and a bathroom.

Villa Jasmine is a property that will inspire you to live your Andalusian dream!