We are delighted to introduce this really unique villa for sale located front line golf Los Naranjos, Nueva Andalucía. This house has the credit of being the first house ever that was built front line golf in Los Naranjos back in 1978. This great house is the perfect combination of Andalucian charm, privacy, functionality and convenience. 

This cozy villa is an ideal place for families as a holiday home in the sun or as a permanent residence as well. It sits on a large flat plot and the house is built on one level which means it is easy access and comfortable living on one floor. There is a stunning entrance way that leads to the house surrounded by mature tall trees and gardens. To the left you will find a garage for two cars. Stepping inside to the entrance hall you will find the large living room with fireplace, dining room, traditional style kitchen and separate utility room. From the kitchen there is access to a quaint patio area, a lovely place for a cup of coffee in the morning. The house has four good sized bedrooms with direct access to terraces. 

From the main living area there is direct access to the terrace, garden and swimming pool. The terrace wraps around the main house and there are many areas where you can make special memories with your loved ones. There is a large green garden and swimming pool that is ideal for enjoying during the summer season. The prime orientation means residents get to enjoy sun all day, creating a bright and welcoming atmosphere all year round.

The Los Naranjos golf area in Nueva Andalucia is one of the most in demand and prestigious residential areas known for its luxury villas and exclusivity. It is centred around the renowned Los Naranjos Golf course, offering top golfing experiences and stunning views. Of course, if you are a golf lover there is no better location – you will be in the ultimate paradise! There is easy access to amenities including restaurants, shops, supermarkets, beaches and much more. This location offers a refined Mediterranean lifestyle in one of the most desirable locations on the coast. 

A rare opportunity to buy a charming Andalusian villa with enormous potential in a prime location in Nueva Andalucia.