UNIQUE IN EUROPE!  IMAGINE A PRIVATE TURQUOISE LAGOON OF CRYSTAL WATERS at your apartment's door step… This can be your apartment with superb sea views at Alcazaba Lagoon, the residential development of your dreams. Discover this well-appointed 2-bedroom 1st floor apartment with sunny terrace overlooking the tropical pool, boasting panoramic views to the sea and to the lush garden. Located in the best orientated block in the complex offering the greatest views, this superb property offers a true quality residential experience: airy living space, spacious living-dining room open to the terrace, luxury upgraded kitchen, large bedrooms. Great quality specification including marble bathrooms, hot&cold air conditioning system throughout, separate individual storage room and underground garage. Nesltled in this exclusive residential development that stretches through over 40,000 m² with exotic gardens with 2 superb swimming pools, waterfalls, wooden bridge and a stone throw away from the exclusive Crystal Lagoon©. The turquoise waters of the lagoon are always clear, and the most beautiful landscape surrounds it. A paradise for numerous water sports, such as paddle surfing, canoeing, sailing, kite surfing and windsurfing. The apartment is in a small residential group, nestling a walkway skirts the edge of the lagoon, so you can enjoy the natural setting and views while you walk, run or enjoy other wheeled sports. The artificial beaches are of fine sand and have sun deck areas, a superb waterfront bar-restaurant and zones for beach sports, Balinese beds and sunbath, 2 outdoor Scandinavian Jacuzzis, ‘'panoramic'' sauna, communal service facilities, changing rooms and showers.
Alcazaba Lagoon offers this peerless selling point and without a shade of a doubt, this beautiful apartment ready to move-in is a great investment opportunity.
Beds: 2 | Baths: 2 | Living area: 87 m2 | Terraces: 12 m2 | Underground private parking & Storeroom | Facing: S-SW | Construction year: 2010

Airport: 50 min drive – Estepona: 12 min drive - Puerto Banus: 20 min drive - Marbella: 25 min drive - Golf Course: 3 min drive - Beach: 7 min drive - Closest bars & restaurants: 4 min drive - Amenities: 7 min drive - Public Transports: 7 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!

