Traditional Andalusian villa on La Alqueria, Mijas Pueblo with LPO and tourist license
this traditional villa has so much charm and Character, with many original features and giving a very warm and homely feeling from the minute you open the front door.

Positioned towards the bottom of a cu-de sac there is no road noise at all.
The drive will accept more than 10 cars with a garage for 1 car and a covered area for another.

Entering the property there is a large hall area with exposed brickwork,  to the left is a large farmhouse style kitchen with seating area, this leads to an extensive utility area and access to the garage.
between the kitchen and dining room is a large hatchway. the dining area opens directly onto the outside terrace with beautiful sea views.
From the dining area you enter the vast lounge, more than capable of seating a dozen people comfortably, the centre piece is a lovely
fireplace.  double patio doors open out onto the covered terrace.

from the lounge there is an additional room which is now used as an office but would also make the third upstairs bedroom, Heading back into the hallway you find 2 large double bedrooms, one with dressing area, a separate toilet and family bathroom.

the outside dining area is extensive with wonderful views down to the coast, there is also steps down to the pool area.

Downstairs to the lower level you find a separate apartment with lockable door to the upstairs.
there are 2 further bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen and lounge diner. This  can be rented independently from the upstairs living accommodation. 
Outside there is a large covered terrace with direct access to the pool and gardens.

This is a large house with many possibilities, unspoilt with over modernisation, ideal for a family home, multi occupancy villa or holiday rental investment. 


Detached Villa, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
6 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 619 m², Terrace 200 m², Garden/Plot 2995 m².

Setting : Country, Village, Mountain Pueblo.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Guest Apartment, Storage Room, Utility Room, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Garage, Open.
Utilities : Electricity, Photovoltaic solar panels.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment.
