Located in the heart of the golf valley, this stunning 4-bedroom duplex penthouse in Las Alamandas is a highly desirable luxury property in one of Marbella's finest residential neighbourhoods.

Offering everything from a spacious, elegant living area, sublime golf, mountain and sea views, large terraces and stunning surrounding communal gardens and swimming pools, the penthouse itself is built to the highest specifications and beautifully appointed.
Las Alamandas is a very complete development, comprising 19 elegant buildings, each with 4 apartments and a penthouse. Enveloped in mature, sub-tropical gardens, the complex includes 3 swimming pools, as well as a gym and sauna – with direct access into the apartment by stairs or lift.

This glorious duplex penthouse extends over 316 m2, including the upper level attic. The living space stretches out onto the terraces totalling a further 204 m2 of beautiful living space.
The main living area is extra spacious and flooded with natural light. You enter into an attractive hallway – with direct access by stairs or lift. Opening out to the main living space, this impressive area is enhanced by the characterful pitched ceiling, smooth white columns, an elegant fireplace and sumptuous furnishings.

The diaphanous living space includes a separate dining area, while the large, bright white kitchen has been fully renovated, with a central island and includes quality appliances and a breakfast table area.
The expansive glass windows of the main living area open out to the semi-covered terraces, beautifully blending the interior and exterior living space. Overlooking Las Brisas golf course, and with stunning views of the majestic La Concha mountain, the spacious terrace provides ample room for outdoor lounge and al fresco dining area, as well as a solarium with the luxury of a private swimming pool.
The property has marble floors throughout, with underfloor heating in the bathrooms. All 4 bedrooms have fitted wardrobes and luxurious bathrooms en-suite. There are 2 bedrooms on the lower level of this highly desirable penthouse, and 2 bedrooms on the upper floor including the master bedroom suite.

The elegant master bedroom - and 2 further bedrooms on the top floor - enjoy a high, white pitched ceiling. The Master bedroom suite has a dressing room, a private terrace and enjoys stellar views across the exuberant gardens to Las Brisas golf course and La Concha mountain beyond.

The property comes with 3 underground parking spaces and a very large storage room with room for a golf buggy, along with infrared alarm system and 24-hour security.

The privileged location in the heart of the Golf Valley gives this penthouse easy access to a variety of top golf courses, along with all the amenities of Nueva Andalucía which include a wide range of restaurants, bars, shops, salons and services. Just a 5-minute drive to Puerto Banús and the beach, this penthouse is ideally placed to enjoy a wide range of leisure activities including beach clubs, luxury yachting, international gastronomy and designer shopping, along with sports, spas and nightlife.

Offering location, spaciousness, facilities and style, this penthouse is ideal for year-round living, or a luxurious holiday home with excellent rental potential, early viewing is recommended.
