Located in the prestigious area of Golden Mile, this outstanding residence offers an unrivalled location within 300 m walking distance to the beach and promenade Golden Mile, a wide range of restaurants and shops. A perfect choice for luxury living, this dream home is also close to restaurants in Puente Romano, providing hassle-free access to all urban amenities. This property represents an exceptional opportunity for those in search of an exclusive home in a prime location.

The interior of this magnificent property comprises 5 bedrooms and 5 en-suite bathrooms, offering a spacious and elegant residence with very high quality materials. With a construction area of approximately 1,038 m² and extensive terraces covering some 350 m², this space provides generous indoor and outdoor living spaces, ideal for enjoying the region's exceptional climate all year round. The grounds of around 1,100 m² are home with the 2 private swimming pools of serene beauty and a lush garden with beautiful sea views.

On the ground floor, a practical bedroom with en suite bathroom joins a spacious living-dining room which integrates perfectly with the fully equipped kitchen and terraces giving access to the garden with its swimming pool. The upper floor is dedicated to relaxation, featuring three bedrooms, each with its own terrace and panoramic views, and the master bedroom has a spacious dressing room. The basement has a large multi-purpose room, a laundry room, a guest toilet, one bedroom with en-suite bathroom, cinema room, bar with reception area and a garage for eight cars.
The 100 m2 solarium has an outdoor dinning area, a swimming pool with panoramic sea view and a chill out area to enjoy the incomparable views of the sea and the surrounding area.
A lift seamlessly connects all levels of the property.
Undeniably distinctive, this property stands out not only for its prime location in one of Marbella's most desirable area but also for its exceptional finishes, premium materials, and exquisite decor—making it the perfect choice for those in pursuit of luxurious living in this beautiful Marbella.