Luxury villa for sale in the best area of Marbella "Nueva Andalucia" a few meters
from the Los Naranjos Golf course and 10 minutes by car from the famous Puerto
Banus.
Totally reformed!,
We explain details of materials and information about this fantastic property;
The chalet has been completely renovated and recompartmented so that it currently
has 4 bedrooms, all of them double with double beds with dimensions of 160 cm and
180 cm for a comfortable sleeping space, arranged in this way. A bedroom on the
ground floor for guests or for a maid and another 3 bedrooms, all with their own
bathroom and dressing room, 2 on the 1st floor and one in the attic.
The bathrooms are all with large walk-in showers and one also has a freestanding
bathtub. They all have bidets too. The bathrooms in the first floor rooms are
equipped with Amazon Alexa smart speakers with a sleek design and an upgraded
LED display that shows the time, weather, song titles and more. With the help of
Alexa you can control lighting, thermostats and other compatible. The mirrors have
their own lighting and defogging system and one has a built-in speaker.
For greater comfort, on the 1st floor, a small laundry room was created, equipped
with a Miele washer and dryer, a sink and a hot water boiler.
Samsung Neo QLED TVs in each bedroom and living room.
The lighting is also LED with double and triple control, and the stairs are equipped
with presence sensors and intelligent ignition for each step.
The exterior lighting is also LED and the one in the garden was supplied with a day
and night sensor.
Although the garden has artificial grass, it has an automatic irrigation system
installed in case you want to install natural grass. In addition, all the plants benefit
from an automatic drip irrigation system.
The kitchen is made to measure with the best materials and state-of-the-art
appliances from the Klarstein Germany range.
The interior doors are made of laminated wood painted in anthracite gray as well.
The entrance door is made of laminated wood also with access to the key, card and
fingerprint.
This property was completely insulated on the outside with 5 cm expanded
polystyrene for better thermal insulation both in summer and in the cold season and
was painted with waterproof and washable white paint.
In addition, the house has a double heating system on all floors.
Heating and cooling is carried out on the ground floor and 1st floor, both through the
ceiling with hot and cold air with a Carrier system, but also benefits from completely
individual controllable underfloor heating for each room. The attic is heated by
radiators, but there is also an air conditioner from LG for cooling and heating.
Equipped with a ValRom Soft 10 SIMPLEX salt-based water hardening system to
prevent limescale deposits.
2 private parking spaces, one type of garage, roofed and the other on the side of
the entrance.

