New Development: Prices from 1,425,000 € to 1,425,000 €. [Beds: 4 - 4] [Baths: 4 - 4] [Built size: 260.00 m2 - 260.00 m2]

This development is an avant-garde boutique development, composed of 10 luxury modern design villas, located in the privileged urbanisation of El Chaparral in the municipality of Mijas Costa, just in between the popular beach resorts of Fuengirola and Marbella, within a 20 minutes drive to Malaga airport. The beach and the excellent El Chaparral golf course are just a stone drop away from this amazing villa development and are reachable within a few minutes walk.

This 18-hole golf course is surrounded by an impressive natural pine forest and it is one of the few places in the world where you find this special variety of pine trees which forms a spectacular scenery with the golf course nestled in between and with views of the sea and the mountains.

All villas at this development development benefit from large open spaces and double height vaulted ceiling in the living room, offering a breathtaking perception of not only horizontal, but also vertical space due to abundance of light. Although all villas have a similar design, this development offers each purchaser the possibility to individualise the property to their own preferred style and taste! These high-end luxury villas are built over two levels and come with 4 or 5 bedrooms, private gardens with a large, private swimming pool and lovely views to the Mediterranean! A multi-use basement to be included during the construction period is another optional feature to be selected by the customer. 

When entering the property, you find yourself in a grand hall with double height ceilings, leading into a bright and spacious living-room with a stunning fireplace and vaulted ceiling. Adjacent to the living-room, you enter a separate dining area that opens to an amazing state-of-the-art, fully equipped kitchen, featuring an impressive cooking island with Bosch appliances; from here you have access to all outdoor areas.

High quality materials, luxury ceramic tiles plus bathroom and kitchen furniture from PORCELANOSA throughout the whole villa, in addition with the floor to ceiling quality windows give these luxury properties a high end aspect. In terms of colour schemes, textures etc. customers have the opportunity to "tailor make" their villa to their exact own taste.

The ground floor enjoys direct access to a lush Mediterranean garden with a large private swimming pool. The main outdoor terrace is partly open and partly covered with a lovely designed pergola, so you can choose between sun or shade. On the ground floor level is a large bedroom with en-suite bathroom as well as a separate guest bathroom and a big utility room. In front of the property there are parking facilities for 2 to 3 cars. 

You reach the upper floor via a beautifully designed staircase which is an iconic architectural feature itself. The master suite accommodates a spacious bedroom with walk-in wardrobe and a luxury en-suite bathroom. The private south facing terrace offers spectacular views towards the sea, overlooking your garden and the pool. On this level of the villa there are two more bedrooms with built-in wardrobes. Both are sharing a bathroom.

Each customer has the possibility to buy the villa with an optional basement. This area would offer a spacious 2 car garage, a guest suite with a private bathroom, and a storage area, but this room also could be made into a gym, games room or even a home cinema! 

Each property has a private gated entrance leading up to a large covered carport with space for two cars. The properties are fenced off for privacy as well as security.