SEAVIEWS - WALKING DISTANCE TO AMENITIES AND THE BEACH

Townhouse house for sale in Araijanal Urbanization (La Cala de Mijas) five minutes walk from the beach and the center of La Cala.
The house is distributed over 4 floors

**Floor -1: This is an open-plan private garage of approximately 60 square meters, where two cars and several motorcycles can easily fit. It is currently separated by a plasterboard partition with a door where there is a large custom-made closet. (gives direct access to the home without the need to go outside).

**Ground floor: It is distributed in a toilet, a large food pantry, a full kitchen with an American bar, a separate laundry room, a large living room with a fireplace and two large terraces, one on each side of the house (southeast and southwest) so The house receives sun throughout the day.

**First floor: Three large bedrooms with built-in wardrobes and two full bathrooms are distributed, one of them inside the double room.

**Upper floor: it is a solarium with a sink and built-in barbecue and with impressive views of the sea and the Cove. In addition, a wooden structure has been installed in the vault where a double bed can fit for occasional use.

The house has split air conditioning, bars on all windows, reinforced garage door and tiled terraces.
The community is very quiet, it also has a community pool and green areas.

Townhouse, La Cala, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 257 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Urban.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Utility Room.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
