This charming property is located in the secure, gated community of Jardines de Casares, a picturesque setting just a 15-minute walk from Casares Beach on the Costa. The vibrant colored townhouses add to the visual appeal, creating a beautiful scene around the immaculate communal pool, garden, and lounging area.

The house itself is in impeccable condition. Positioned conveniently, the designated parking area is just outside the property, leading to a welcoming front terrace surrounded by a lawn and hedgerow garden.

The garden offers ample space for lounging, sitting, or dining and benefits from afternoon and evening sunshine. The entire house is equipped with air-conditioning and ceiling fans to ensure comfort regardless of the temperature.

Upon entering the house, the light and spacious living/dining room. The room exudes coziness with a feature fireplace, providing ample space for relaxation and dining. A cloakroom with a w.c. and wash hand vanity unit is conveniently located off the living room. The kitchen, accessed through a part glazed door, is fully fitted with appliances, worktops, and storage cupboards. 

The first floor hosts two guest bedrooms, both enjoying generous fitted wardrobe, and the other a good-sized double bedroom with a large fitted wardrobe. The latter features a double glazed full-length double opening door with a Juliet-style balcony and a porthole window, ensuring brightness and airiness. A fully tiled and fitted bathroom. 

The second floor is dedicated to the master suite, featuring a lovely double bedroom with large fitted wardrobes. Double glazed double opening doors lead to a Juliet-style balcony. The ensuite provides both convenience and privacy

This property offers a perfect opportunity to own a homely and practical house in a charming urbanization with excellent access to key locations in the area. Highly recommended for viewing, Jardines de Casares is also conveniently located a short drive from Estepona and Marbella, with Gibraltar and Malaga Airports just 30 minutes and 1 hour away, respectively.