Sea & Golf at Riviera del Sol - The property does not have and cannot obtain the first occupancy license

This apartment is situated in the heart of Miraflores in the lower part of Riviera del Sol. The apartment overlooks one of the 4 communal swimming pools and is surrounded by well-maintained mature gardens with stunning sea views. 

The apartment comprises 2 bedrooms, 2 shower rooms (one is en-suite to the master bedroom), kitchen and utility room, open plan dining and living area leading to a private covered balcony where you can enjoy a cocktail before dinner overlooking the pool and beautiful gardens. The apartment includes Air Conditioning, wifi, TV and free on street parking at the complex.

Within 10 minutes' walk of the complex you will find all the necessary amenities such as supermarkets, banks, pharmacy, bars and restaurants, and of course the fabulous beaches with the charming Spanish beach bars and chiringuitos where you can enjoy traditional, locally caught fish and seafood.

The apartment has recently been refurbished and newly decorated in a contemporary style with comfort in mind, including new fitted kitchen and bathrooms.

Riviera del Sol is part of the Mijas Costa offering parks and green zones with an amazing boardwalk stretching from Cabopino to La Cala de Mijas. It is an ideal holiday destination for all ages; with gyms, tennis club and an 18-hole golf course at Miraflores.

Riviera del Sol is serviced by a reliable and frequent bus service which can take you to La Cala de Mijas, Fuengirola or Marbella. At Fuengirola you have many things to do such as the fantastic Bio-Parc, the water park, crazy golf plus the huge shopping mall at Miramar. In Marbella you can wander through the pretty old town and sample some home cooked tapas, or visit the impressive port at Puerto Banus. There are taxi ranks at Riviera del Sol with taxis permantly there 24/7.

La Cala de Mijas is only 3.7km away and is great for an alternative night out which is not too far away where the dining options are plentiful and choices will suit all tastes and budgets. La Cala de Mijas is home to Olivia's Cocktail lounge and restaurant and is a fabulous and lively night out with music and entertainment, situated on the beach in the most stunning of settings.

Swimming Pool: communal
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sleeps: Up to 4
Theme: Golf, Family, Beach, Quiet, Good Nightlife, Watersports
Nearest Airport: Malaga

DISTANCES
Beach at Riviera del Sol: 1km (Max Beach/Chiringuito El Juncal)
Supermarket & ATM: 200 metres (Centro Comercial Las Terrazas)
La Plaza commercial zone with lots of restaurants/bars/shops: 800 metres
La Cala de Mijas centre: 3.7km
Marbella Old Town: 20km
Fuengirola: 14km (nearest train station)
Malaga Airport: 38km

Middle Floor Apartment, Riviera del Sol, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 77 m², Terrace 13 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent, Good, Recently Renovated, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Restaurant On Site, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.

