BUYING OPPORTUNITY...TWO INDEPENDENT HOUSES IN EL ATABAL, MALAGA!!!

IAD SPAIN PRESENTS.... Spectacular property with a plot of 666 m2.
The highlight of this offer is the presence of two totally independent dwellings, giving you the opportunity to share this paradise with your loved ones or even generate additional income by renting out the lower part of the property.

This property offers the exciting possibility of building an additional 200m2, allowing you to customise and expand your home according to your needs and desires.

Enjoy breathtaking views of the city and the bay of Malaga from the comfort of your home. So that you can explore every corner, we offer virtual tours so that you can appreciate the magnitude and beauty of this property.

The property is surrounded by its own oasis of fruit trees and lush vegetation, along with a self-watering vegetable garden for easy maintenance.

The outdoor spaces are the highlight of this property. With two front porches, a rear garden with breathtaking views and an orchard, you will have your own paradise to enjoy with the family.

Just 8 minutes from the main street Lope de Rueda and the prestigious El Atabal school, this property offers the perfect combination of tranquillity and convenience.

Furthermore, its strategic location places it just 10 km from Malaga airport and 9 km from the city centre.

Don't miss the opportunity to make this property your own paradise!!

This property offers the exciting possibility of building an additional 200m2, allowing you to customise and expand your home according to your needs and desires.


MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH YOUR IAD AGENT!

***Do you need a mortgage? We give you the best market conditions from our bank managers Prohipoteca and Uci***.

In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía of the 11th of October, which approves the Regulation of consumer information in the sale and rental of homes in Andalusia, we inform the client that notary fees, registration fees, real estate brokerage and other expenses inherent to the purchase are NOT INCLUDED IN THE PRICE (fees of 3% vat included).
-