✔  Walking distance to beach, golf club & marina
✔  5 bedrooms plus 3 full bathrooms
✔  Gated community with pools & gardens
✔  Countryside view
✔  Pet friendly with countryside walks on the doorstep
✔  Low community and council tax rates
✔  No work required / can be sold furnished

This house ticks a lot of boxes for those looking for a family home on the Costa del Sol without breaking the bank. 

The property is one of the best townhouses in La Duquesa Golf Villas with a wide selection of south- and north-facing outdoor spaces for all day sun or shade. La Duquesa Golf Villas is a gated community of 50 townhouses set in communal gardens with two main swimming pools and a childrens pool. 

The community is just a couple of minutes drive (under 20 minutes walk) to La Duquesa Golf Club where there are bus stops heading towards both Sotogrande and Estepona. Castillo de La Duquesa and its restaurants can be walked to in under 25 minutes and the popular leisure marina can be walked to in 30 minutes. The community is currently being repainted and this work has already been paid for by the well-run community. 

The house is in excellent condition and has a built area of 125m2 over 3 floors. The property is entered from a front, south-facing, patio which has both a pedestrian entrance and an entrance for a car. Entering the house, the fitted kitchen, a full bathroom and the lounge all lead off the entrance hallway. The kitchen is fully fitted with recently upgraded appliances and a new water boiler. 

The living room extends across the whole back of the house with space for both a lounge and dining area. The living room has sliding doors which lead onto the large back patio which has views over the surrounding countryside. There are shutters on the living room window for extra security. From this patio, which has afternoon sun until sunset, you can also access the smaller of the two communal pools. A canopy can be extended from the back of the house should shade be required. 

On the first floor there are three bedrooms. The master bedroom is en-suite and has a private balcony overlooking the countryside. The second and third bedrooms are large enough for double beds and share a second full bathroom. The larger of these two bedrooms has a south-facing Juliet balcony.

The top floor has been divided into two more bedrooms, one a double with a king-sized bed and the other a good-sized single, and an office area. The roof has been insulated to keep the rooms warm in winter and cool in summer; plus ensure there is no noise on the rare occasion that it rains. This level also has a south-facing balcony with partial sea views. 

There is double glazing, cream marble floors, and hot/cold air-conditioning throughout the house to ensure a comfortable living environment year-round. The air-conditioning units have been upgraded in the past 6 years. There are also radiators and the roof has been well-insulated. All three bathrooms have baths making the house ideal for larger families or as a rental for two families looking to share. 

It is rare to find a house in such good condition, five bedrooms and multiple outside spaces at this price point and we would highly recommend viewings.