Welcome to this bright nice apartment with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and a private terrace with an outstanding view of the mountains, city and green areas. Located in a well-maintained gated community less than ten minutes from the beach and Fuengirola town.

In the two generous bedrooms there are built-in wardrobes and private bathrooms - one with a bathtub and the other with a shower. The living room with glass walls and entrance to the terrace, is filled with natural light and contains both a comfortable sofa group and a dining table. The fully equipped kitchen, complete with dishwasher, is connected by a practical kitchenette for washing machine and storage space.

The terrace, which faces southeast, catches morning sun as well as sun during the day. It consists of a tiled part belonging to the apartment and a well-maintained small lawn surrounded by bushes and fencing, secured so that only the owner has access.

The impressive pool area entices with two pools, elegant parasols, neat lawns, palm trees and plants. A private covered parking space is an obvious benefit that is included in the apartment.

Experience the harmony and comfort of this exclusive accommodation, located approx. 500 meters from the popular golf club Cerrado del Aguila golf and resort. There is also a padel club with courts both outdoors and under cover. The panel club offers a simpler bar, and on the premises of the golf club you find the very popular restaurant La Sierra with a fantastic view of the mountains and the green courses.
A walk of about 10 minutes, or 2 minutes by car, takes you to Cerros del Aguila where there are both restaurants and supermarkets. If you instead take the road in the other direction, the Miramar shopping center is approx. 7 minutes away by car, and just another minute to the beach at the historic castle Castillo Sohail in Fuengirola.

Right around the corner from the apartment, construction of the long-awaited green park, Grand park of the Costa del Sol, is currently in full swing. It is estimated to be 36 hectares in size, one of the largest in the region. There will be, among other things, walking paths, landscaped lakes, restaurants and cafes, playgrounds and outdoor gyms. The idea is that you can walk through the park almost all the way to Fuengirola town, and it will really give a boost to the whole area and the surrounding area.