Beautiful duplex penthouse, with two bedrooms (one used as a dressing room/office) and a bathroom, recently renovated with unbeatable views of the sea and mountains, southeast facing in a small and quiet urbanization, with community pool, parking and storage room included.

As can be seen in the photos and video, this property has recently been completely renovated with exquisite taste, taking advantage of the spaces to create an inviting and perfect home, both to live in all year round or as an investment, in one of the new paradise is the Costa del Sol: Estepona.

Less than 8 minutes from the center of Estepona, 25 minutes from Marbella and 15 minutes from Sotogrande.The perfect location where you can be close to everything but live in absolute tranquility.

This residential complex, located in Estepona, a few meters from the beach, has everything you need for you to enjoy all year round.
This municipality in the province of Malaga is a popular tourist destination due to its Mediterranean climate and beaches.In addition, it is a city with historical background, since according to stories, it was an important Iberian city with an important natural port.

With more than 21 kilometers of beaches, the center of this municipality is one of the most beautiful on the Costa del Sol.Its town center is adorned with different colored pots, sculptures and large murals on the facades of the buildings, making it the perfect place to go for a walk and do some shopping in a natural environment close to the sea.

This Urbanization is located in a quiet area, ideal for those who want to enjoy the sea, the mountains and the sun all year round.It also has several golf courses in the surrounding area.

This exclusive and bright penthouse has a large terrace where you can have breakfast while sunbathing and a huge solarium where you can enjoy with family or friends. Can you imagine? It can be a real luxury, both in the summer and every day of the year. .Remember that the warm climate of the Costa del Sol makes this place a perfect place where you can come to sunbathe even in January.Furthermore, what you will like most about this home will not be the terraces exactly, but rather its wonderful views of the sea and the Sierra Bermeja.Just a 10-minute walk away you can choose between taking a walk through the mountains or sunbathing on the sand on the beach.

The gated community has a wonderful community pool where you can spend every afternoon lying down sunbathing.It also has a parking space in the underground garage with direct access by elevator.Do you still have doubts? Then I recommend that you watch the video yourself at this link where you can appreciate the views and top quality finishes of this home.

Both the characteristics of the home and its geographical location surrounded by both beaches and mountains; They make this penthouse a good choice when buying a home on the Costa del Sol.And what's the best of all? Its price! In a volatile market and where bargains are conspicuous by their absence...This gem appears for only €239,000!

Contact us now to make your visit!