Very spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment located on a first floor (without a lift) on the south side of the village of Alhaurín el Grande, very close to the public school ‘El Chorro'. 

The apartment has a total living space of 112m2. You immediately walk into the apartment and are welcomed into a spacious reception hallway. From here you have direct access to a bathroom, a bedroom and 2 living rooms. From one of the living rooms you access the remaining 3 bedrooms and a family bathroom. 

The kitchen (which needs to be fitted by the buyer) is located at the far end of the apartment and next to it is an independent utility room followed by a terrace with BBQ area. 

There is a large roof terrace on the top floor (shared with one other neighbor) and a private storage room. 

Please note the property requires modernization throughout. There is usually open street parking available near the property.
ABOUT ALHAURÍN EL GRANDE


Alhaurín el Grande is a beautiful, vibrant town and one of the largest villages in the Valle del Guadahorce, set in a privileged location with fabulous road connections to both the Costa del Sol and Málaga. It is the thirteenth largest city in the entire province of Málaga in population, second only to coastal municipalities, the cities of Ronda and Antequera and nearby Alhaurin de la Torre. It has a population around 25,000, but there is a large presence of foreigners settled in the town, estimated to represent nearly 15% of the total population.


The origin of the name was given by the Arabs, who called it 'Alhaurin', where the Catholic Monarchs added 'el Grande' to distinguish it from the neighbouring town of Alhaurín de la Torre after the conquest of both sites in 1485.


Alhaurin el Grande is located on the north side of the Sierra de Mijas at an altitude of 326 metres above sea level, with a benign climate of mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days per year have sunshine. It is 29 km from Málaga and 18 km from Marbella.



The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.