Discover a real gem in the heart of Benahavis! This ideal family home is located within walking distance to all amenities such as shops, bars, restaurants, schools, and even a practice tee. Furthermore, it is a unique property in Benahavís thanks to its private garage with direct access to the house.

The property doesn't skimp on outdoor space, with an east-facing terrace from the main floor and a roof terrace that enjoys sun all day long. You can also relax in the large communal gardens surrounding the swimming pool.

This charming 3 bedroom townhouse is distributed over three floors:

On the ground floor, you will find a guest toilet, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bright living/dining room with fireplace and access to the east-facing terrace, perfect for enjoying the morning sun. From the living room, a staircase takes you directly to the basement (48m2), which has a large garage and a storage room.

Another staircase from the living room leads you to the first floor, where you will discover three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom includes an en suite bathroom with bathtub and a balcony facing east. The other bedrooms share a bathroom with shower and have a west-facing balcony.

From the first floor, another flight of stairs leads up to a fabulous roof terrace of around 40m2, which offers mountain views and faces both east and west, guaranteeing sun all day long.

This property has the potential to become something truly fabulous - don't miss the opportunity to make this house your home!

Townhouse, Benahavís, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 157 m², Terrace 70 m².

Setting : Village, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Renovations required
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Pre Installed A/C, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Solarium, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Basement.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Partially Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Resale.
