Welcome to one of the most beautiful communities in Mijas Golf! A spacious and bright apartment with views over the mountains, the golf course and the unique tropical garden.

The apartment is well located first line golf! On the first floor (one flight up NO lift), when you enter you find the kitchen directly on you right handside with access to one of the terraces, which has a beautiful view of the pools and the association's garden. From this terrace you also have a direct exit from one of the bedrooms, where there is a bathroom with shower just outside.

The living room is open and spacious and the light marble floor is a nice detail that gives even more natural light to the home. AC is installed in the living room to always maintaind the perfect temprature all year round. From the living room you can enjoy a lovely green view of the golf course. The second terrace is located with a direct exit from the living room where there is space for example a dining table and BBQ. Here on the fantastic, private terrace you can breath in the calm and harmonious environment and relax all year round. This terrace overlooks the Mijas golf course, the mountains and has direct access to the master bedroom with en-suite bathroom and bathtub. 

A fully equipped kitchen is included, and the furniture could be optional. As well as A PRIVATE GARAGE PLACE AND A STORAGE ROOM. There is also street parking outside the complex.

In the tropical garden you can enjoy the lawn under the palm trees and the 5 wonderful pools. The association is a closed community. Nearby there is a bus stop with a bus takes you to the center of Fuengirola among other places, a BBQ park perfect for picnics, restaurants, a paddle and tennis court, the famous Mijas Golf course and a small grocery store where you can find fresh bread and other snacks.

It is a quiet and peaceful area, with sining birds, nature and hiking trails with good communication to both the cozy center of La Cala de Mijas and its fine sandy beach which is only 10 min drive, as well as it is also 10 min to the lively town of Fuengirola.

This home is perfect both as an investment, holiday accommodation or for those looking for a permanent home. We highly recommend a viewing, contact us today!