This magnificent villa located in the heart of the prestigious Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia! This impressive property boasts of an expansive 1.425m2 of plot size and located first line golf.  Entering the property, a huge driveway welcomes you to the well-maintained  expansive garden area.  This recently reformed villa has a total size of 875m2 and is divided into 4 floors plus attic, 7 bedrooms, 7 bathrooms, gust toilet, several living rooms and lounge areas, terraces and entertainment area. Upon entering this stunning villa, you will be greeted by a bright hallway with a high ceiling and access to the different areas of the main floor. To the right is a bedroom with ensuite bathroom which could also be an private office.On the left part, you will find a charming  independent  kitchen fully equipped  with high quality appliances. Also, on the main floor you will find the dining area, a separate lounge area and a very chic sitting area with direct access to the terrace. Enjoy the best golf views on the large terrace with different spaces to have your meals or just relax and enjoy the sun and the fantastic views.  Going up on the second floor, you will find two grand master bedrooms both with ensuite bathrooms (with bath and shower), both with access to the  bright terrace. On the upper floor, you will find a spacious studio which could be used as an office, art studio, another bedroom etc. Going down to the lower floor, you will find, a spacious entertainment room with a cinema, bar, game area; 3 complete bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, a spacious living area-dining room and an open kitchen. We go out to the sunny porch area that leads out to the lush gardens with a beautiful swimming pool. On the lower floor, you will find a very spacious garage for 5-6 cars and a fully equipped gym area. This modern house is equipped with a lift in all floors, individual air-condition hot and cold, fireplace, underfloor heating, alarm system, electric blinds.  This classic-style home is built with the best quality materials and modernized elegantly creating a luxurious home in one of the most exclusive areas of Marbella!  Surrounded by the best golf courses such as Los Naranjos Golf, Magna Marbella, Las Brisas. Just a few minutes' drive to the beach and Puerto Banus!