Stunning corner villa in Sierra Blanca, Marbella!

New on the market!
This spectacular luxury semi detached corner villa on two levels plus solarium with lift is beautifully located in the exclusive area of Sierra Blanca, Marbella on the The Golden Mile.

The villa offer lots of privacy and tranquility and has wonderful panoramic views of the grandiose surrounding mountains, partly over the Mediterranean Sea and the pool.
It has three well sized bedrooms, three large bathrooms, guest toilet and a bright and spacious living room with a very high ceiling in open plan with a top class German kitchen.
Further more we find a private cinema, a Professional Music Studio, office, study area, library, laundry room, several store rooms and a huge garage of 45 m2.

OUTSIDE:
On the ground level you have access to a wonderful private infinity pool and a large terrace surronded by a lovely tropical vegetation.
A few steps out from the back door and the garage you will find the communal inside swimming pool, a gym, sauna and a Spa for the residents.

On the first level you are greeted by the large Master bedroom with a private terrace of 30 m2 and another guest bedroom with two terraces.
On the top level you find a huge solarium of 154 m2 with lots of space for an outside kitchen, dining table, lounge sofas and Jacuzzi.

THE COMPLEX:
Meisho Hills is a state of the art complex with luxurious villas in the prestigious gated urbanisation of Sierra Blanca, on the upper part of the famous Marbella's Golden Mile.

The architects Taborda & Gauna T.A.M. designed this work of art.
The many prizes awarded include the Gold Medal granted by the Town Hall of Marbella, as well as several awards from national and international competitions.

This luxury gated complex with 24-hour security service, CCTV and 24 hours manned patrols on site stands out for its exclusive and avant-garde design, well-kept common areas with spectacular Zen-style gardens, cascading water features with elegant lighting and all the amenities provided, including outdoor and indoor swimming pools for kids and adults, a gym with state-of-the-art machinery, 3 SPA-areas, with a Turkish bath, sauna and heated pool (every 8 house share another SPA, pool and sauna).

Sierra Blanca's elevated position offers imposing views over Marbella and its coastline to the Mediterranean, all the way across to Gibraltar and North Africa, with the Rif Mountains.
The area is quiet and peaceful and offer total privacy but still only a couple of minutes drive away from both the lively Marbella city center, the beach and the world famous luxury Marina in Puerto Banus.

Meisho Hills is truly the ultimate living in a contemporary dream residence under the sun in the paradise of The Golden Mile on the south of Spain.

ATT! Sold fully furnished!
This stunning villa must be seen, contact us already today and book a private viewing.

Details:
Location: Marbella, The Golden Mile, Sierra Blanca
Area: Málaga, Costa del Sol
Property Type: Semi Detached Villa
Bedrooms: 3-4
Bathrooms: 4
Living Area: 360 m2
Roof Terrace: 154 m2
Terrace/Plot/Porches size: 331 m2
Close To Golf, Port, Sea, Town, Schools, Marina, Restaurants, Bars, Shops etc.
Orientation: South, West
Condition: Excellent
Office
Pool: Private, Infinity
Pool: Communal, More than one, Indoor Pool, Heated Pool
SPA
GYM
Private Lift
Turkish Bath
Sauna
Climate Control: Different Zones, Hot A/C, Cold A/C
Views: Mountain, Sea, Panoramic, Pool, Garden
Private Terrace
Solarium
U/F Heating, Througouth
Fitted Wardrobes
Storage Room, More than one
Utility Room
Ensuite Bathroom
Jacuzzi
Barbeque
Double Glazing
Cinema
TV-Room
Built-in lighting system
Professional Music Studio
Fiber Optic
Furniture: Fully Furnished
Kitchen: Fully Fitted
Garden: Private
Parking: More Than One, Private, Garage, with direct access to the house
24-hour security service, Alarm System, Gated Complex
Drinkable Water
