This lovely townhouse is located in the Barrio de El Puente area of Alora, within 20 minutes' walk to the train station, giving you quick and easy access to Málaga city.

 Originally built in 1960, and having been fully updated, the property is distributed over two floors. On the ground floor; you enter directly from the street into the main entrance hallway. On either side you will see two double bedrooms. Beyond this sits the living/dining room in the heart of the house. Follow through and you have a pantry, family bathroom and kitchen which leads to a good size, low maintenance terrace. At one end you have two rooms which sit beneath the garage with one room currently used as a second kitchen. There is access to the street from the terrace, where you will find a large, independent garage at the end of the plot.

 From the living room, you have a staircase which leads to the first floor. Here you have four double bedrooms, all of good size and another family bathroom.

 The property is located on a quiet street close to schools, cafes, bars and shops, all within 5 minutes' walk. 

It is connected to mains water and electricity. Furthermore, there is air conditioning units in the main living area as well as three bedrooms on the first floor.

 The property is in excellent condition throughout. For further details, please contact our sales team. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.