Incredible brand new renovated villa in the Urbanization of Lagarejo in Mijas.

"Imagine debuting your new home in the vibrant spring of 2024. This stunning residence, located in picturesque Lagarejo in Mijas, is undergoing a complete transformation with meticulous dedication to detail and is ready to welcome its lucky owners.

As you cross the threshold, you will be greeted by a spacious and bright living room designed to offer a cozy and contemporary ambiance. The kitchen, equipped with state-of-the-art appliances, brings a touch of warmth and style to this central space.

The master bedroom is a true oasis of serenity, with more than enough space for a king-size bed. Plus, you'll enjoy your own private bathroom with an elegant walk-in shower and a beautiful walk-in closet.

This home has a private patio that invites you to enjoy the sunny days in an idyllic setting, surrounded by magnificent gardens included in the property.

Additionally, the property includes another space with 2 bedrooms and a bathroom, making it an excellent option for large families, guests or even as a rental opportunity.

Don't miss the opportunity to be the first to enjoy this completely renovated and move-in ready home, contact us today to schedule a viewing and start visualizing your life in this wonderful place!

Quality details:

Interior flooring: Kubrik natural porcelain tile.

Bathrooms: Evoque Ornament and Evoque Blue bathroom tiles. In the bathroom of the master bedroom, non-slip Grunge White flooring and in the shared bathroom, Green Natural flooring.

Terrace and kitchen flooring: Porcelain Mythage Tucson Brown.

Kitchen: Laminate furniture city color new cream matte, white and polished Silestone countertop, Balay appliances (induction hob, extractor hood, microwave, oven, fridge freezer, dishwasher and washing machine)."

Bedrooms: with built-in wooden closets.

 "According to the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of October 11, it is reported that the notary fees, registration and ITP, are not included in the price"
