Beautiful 2 bedroom penthouse in Gran Calahonda with covered and open terrace. This penthouse is fully equipped and ready to live in immediately.
Located on the fourth (and top) floor accessible by elevator. Entrance/hall, living room with Z-shaped dining area and a semi-open kitchen.
The cozy living room with direct access to the covered terrace on the West offers plenty of space. In addition to the covered terrace, which can easily be opened and closed with glass curtains, an open terrace is ideal for enjoying the sun.
In the neat kitchen you will find all amenities and modern built-in appliances, ceramic hob, oven, fridge-freezer and dishwasher. The utility room is equipped with a washing machine (and dryer in one) and a beautiful wine cooler.

The master bedroom also has access to the front terrace and is equipped with fitted wardrobes. A neat en-suite bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. The second bedroom also has a sliding door to the front terrace. There is a 2nd bathroom with shower, toilet and sink for your guests.

Both bathrooms are modern and in very good condition. The apartment is equipped with comfortable hot-cold air conditioning. The general state of maintenance of the apartment is excellent.

The rear terrace is easy to open and close with glass curtains, it is currently used as a studio but can also be used as a study or temporary bedroom.

There are only 2 apartments on this floor, so there is a quiet staircase/elevator portal.

A parking space in the communal parking garage belongs to the apartment.

Gran Calahonda is located in the lower part of Calahonda within walking distance of the beach, supermarket and restaurants.
The complex has 3 swimming pools + 2 children's pools, a tennis court. The communal gardens are perfectly maintained. There is a concierge in the morning and security guard at night. There are 111 apartments in total.
Ideal location with amenities and bus within walking distance. You can reach Málaga airport in half an hour by car, Marbella is 20 minutes by car.

Licencia de Primera Utilización
IBI 456 euros per year
Rubbish 140 euros per year
Comunity fees 170 euros per month