This charming, completely re-furbished country property has been finished to the highest standard and offers spacious and modern accommodation throughout, which briefly comprises: Entrance hall into the open-plan living room with a separate dining area and a high-quality German kitchen with extensive storage cupboards and Silestone work surfaces.

Returning through the living room with a feature pellet fire, a wide hallway leads through to the master bedroom with a full en-suite bathroom and dressing room. From this room, patio doors lead directly to the terrace, garden and pool. The second bedroom is a large double with built-in wardrobes and has an adjacent bathroom, which is also accessible for all-day use.

From the hall, a ceramic tiled staircase with glass and hardwood balustrading leads up to the first floor and the galleried lounge and library, with direct access out to the elevated terrace overlooking the garden and far-reaching views over the river and up to the hills. On this same floor is the third double bedroom, again with full en-suite and built-in wardrobes and storage. From this room, a Juliette balcony affords lovely countryside views. This property has 6 Orange trees, 2 Lemon trees, two peach, one pear tree, 2 Mandarin, 1 Plum Tree, and an Avocado Tree.

Outside, there is a walled and gated entrance into the wide driveway and parking area, which leads down to the house and gardens. The gardens are a delight and have been expertly landscaped to the same high standard as everything else. The planting is now well established, and a mass of foliage and flowers circulate you through meandering paths of gravel, bordered by reclaimed natural stone. In addition to the ornamental areas, there are various other useful zones within the garden, timber garden shed, an orchard with a good selection of fruit trees, a separate area which would just be perfect for a kitchen garden, and of course, the super large swimming pool surrounded by timber decking, which is slightly elevated for easy maintenance. Outside the house are various tiled patio and terrace areas suitable for sun and shade and with the benefit of a pergola and "toldo" sunblinds.

The property has mains electricity, high-speed internet suitable for a telephone, and both satellite and IPTV are available on subscription, with hundreds of channels in your choice of language. The windows are double-glazed and fitted with wrought-iron rejas , and there is reversible hot and cold air-conditioning. The high-quality ceramic tiling to the floors, bathrooms and kitchen has been professionally installed, and all the improvements have been carried out to an impeccable standard.
Access is very good, from asphalt, concrete and gravel roads, and the property is just a 10-minute drive from the town of Coín, and 20 minutes from the coast at Fuengírola, with Marbella around the same. Málaga City and its International Airport are an easy 30-minute car journey.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pellet stove.
Views : Mountain, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Parking : Covered, Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Holiday Homes, Resale.

