IDEAL FAMILIAR VILLA LOCATED IN A PRIVATE COMMUNITY JUST 3 MINUTES FROM MARBELLA CITY CENTER.-

Great plot of 750 m2 with an existing villa build on 3 levels, solid, very good construction, with the best qualities, a mix of rustic style with some ideal modern touches.
It is composed of;

1. Large entrance from the plot to the villa with enough space to park 3 vehicles.

2. A large basement at street level, with natural light, with a full bathroom, private office, which could well be converted into a private 2-bedroom apartment, covered covered garage, TV area, gym, etc.. . since it has enough m2 to evaluate any type of these options. Any could be very valid and feasible.

3. Entrance staircase to the house, we enter and find a large hall, a very spacious living room with fireplace, exit to the porch and front garden, ideal for building a large pool.
Huge kitchen with access to a separate laundry area that connects to the rear part of the garden, which is used as a recreational games area that connects to the front garden.
On this same floor we have a full bathroom with a bedroom that is currently used as a private office.

We climb the large staircase that connects to the third and last floor and we have the master bedroom, huge, bright, important large closets, spacious ensuite bathroom and large terrace with wonderful views of the mountains and the city of Marbella in the distance.. . horizon, beautiful green views. - 
The same hallway connects with 2 other large bedrooms which share a large full bathroom.
What stands out in this property is its great light, spaciousness, high ceilings and the possibility of building another well sized independent house in the parking area.
The plot surrounds the house, part of the land is paved and the rest surrounded by grass. The ideal area to build the future pool is just in front of the living room and porch, an ideal infinity pool with wonderful views.
With a touch of modernization this property could become a wonderful contemporary villa as it has unbeatable solidity and quality.

Located just 3 minutes from the center of Marbella. Quiet community, well connected, close to schools, supermarkets and bus stops.
Do not hesitate to call us to arrange a visit and we will be happy to show it to you.