FIND YOUR SLICE OF PARADISE:  THIS EXCLUSIVE PROPERTY AWAITS - ENQUIRE TODAY!!
This raised ground floor apartment defies all expectations for the area. With its large proportions, high ceilings and XL south and west facing windows, you could easily be fooled into thinking you are in a chic hotel of a capital city. The distribution is perfect to divide the property into 2 smaller apartments (subject to planning permission and regulations), or you could simply upgrade it to obtain a stunning, totally unique and super spacious apartment right on the doorstep of Estepona port and about 15 min walking to the old town.
As you enter, the dirty job has already been done for you and the kitchen has been opened up to the generous dining area now including a breakfast bar. Next to it, the first of 3 bathrooms includes a bath with overhead shower for extra flexibility as well as ventilation and natural light Occupying the whole length of the dinining area, we find 4 bedrooms in a row, all sharing the westerly aspect for evening sun and quietly positioned to overlook the communal gardens and tennis courts. There are tons of built-in wardrobes, offering masses of storage througout.
Side by side opposite the last 2 bedrooms we find 2 further bathrooms, one with a shower enclosure and one with a bath and shower overhead.
Finally at the end of the row we find the master bedroom, to the south, enjoying tons of light through the massive window frames and offering plenty of space to incorporate a reading corner or walk-in dressing room if desired. 
On the other side of the bathrooms we find the large sitting room, which also enjoys a south orientation and where the old terrace has been icorporated into the room (this could easily be reversed by the new owners if desired). Extra high ceilings, an archway and the massive windows confer this room a very regal feel that you would not necessarily expect in Estepona port!
The apartment offers a whopping 187 sqm bult, with tons of storage space throughout. It lends itself to multiple distribution and upgrade options.
The building has a security entry system and 2 lifts and the community enjoys a communal pool, tennis courts and on street parking for owners..
Despite technically being a ground floor, the street is on a slope so the apartment is raised feels more like a first floor flat. The apartment was also totally rewired about 10 years ago.
Whether looking for a holiday or permanent home, this truly is a gem of an apartment for someone with a bit of vision looking for something a bit special in a unique location and with great potential both from an investment/business or private use point of view.
Do not loose this opportunity, we have keys at the office for easy viewing!!