In Stupa Hills Phase 2, a very spacious 3 bed 2.5 bath corner apartment with great sea views. Upon entering the apartment and stepping out on to the spacious 59m2 balcony you will experience stunning views of the Mediterranean Sea and the Buddhist Stupa of Enlightenment.

Open plan living room with Italian design peninsula kitchen including Siemens appliances. Floor to ceiling glass sliding doors open to the covered outdoor living area. Aircon hot and cold plus heat pump operated underfloor heating throughout the entire apartment controlled separately per room. The floorplan of the primary bedroom has been modified during construction and offers a very spacious landing with wardrobes, ample bathroom ensuite and direct access to the private covered balcony. The two guest bedrooms with dedicated guest bathroom also open directly to the covered balcony and all rooms offer panoramic sea views.  Double private parking in the garage and a big storage room included.

Benalmádena-Pueblo hosts cozy bars and fine restaurants and very conveniently there is a supermarket on your doorstep as well as Altos del Higuerón shopping centre. In close proximity you will find Puerto Marina de Benalmádena, themeparcs, golfcourses and the beautiful wide sandy beaches of Benalmádena-Costa. The urbanization is centrally located on the Costa del Sol between Málaga and Marbella. Nearby access to the A-7 motorway leads you in only 10 minutes to Málaga Airport.

The gated complex with onsite concierge and security guard services is designed for your daily well-being offering vertical gardens, a beautiful spa and wellness centre hosting a Technogym, sauna, steam bath, indoor heated massage therapy pool and rooftop sundeck with infinity pool plus a second outdoor swimming-pool in the communal garden.

Stupa Hills is a great place to live permanently with all amenities within walking distance or to spend your family holidays. On top it offers good rental potential thanks to its unique location and the modern sport- and wellness facilities. Supermarket literally on your doorstep plus the pharmacy, laundry service, flex offices, coffee bar, wine bar, Indian, Italian and Spanish restaurants of Altos del Higuerón just around the corner.

Contact us to schedule your viewing today!