A rare opportunity - an almost new, fantastic beachside apartment in Med One in Reserva del Higueron with panoramic views, 3 bedrooms, underfloor heating, 2 garage spaces and a storage room as well as very good profit opportunities.

Take the opportunity to check out this fantastic apartment without waiting for a new construction project. Similar apartments in construction projects nearby are sold at the same or higher prices, but here you don't have to wait 2 years or more before you can move in.

When you enter the apartment you almost lose your breath, the fantastic view is simply exceptional. The apartment is south-west facing, and from the living room, the kitchen, the master bedroom and the large terrace you have an unobstructed 180-degree panoramic sea view in addition to great views to Fuengirola and Gibraltar.

The apartment has a practical layout and beautiful, high-quality materials have been used. It consists of 3 bedrooms, 2 well-equipped bathrooms (one ensuite and with bathtub), a spacious and bright living/dining room, open plan kitchen, laundry room and hallway. 

The kitchen has appliances from Bosch; dishwasher, fridge/freezer, wine cabinet, oven, stove and microwave. There is lovely underfloor heating throughout the apartment, apart from the two guest rooms. Furthermore, there is hot and cold air conditioning, electric curtains in the living room and in the master bedroom, built-in wardrobes, video intercom and home automation system. There is a good climate system where you can control the temperature separately in all rooms. In addition, there is fiber optic in the apartment which provides stable and high internet speed, a great advantage if you are going to work from home, stream TV channels etc.

The terrace is very spacious and there is plenty of space for a dining group, a lounge group and sun beds. Here you can enjoy your morning coffee on the terrace while enjoying the view over the Mediterranean, or enjoy lazy afternoons and evenings with family and friends and a delicious cava while watching the sunset.
The apartment comes with two spacious underground parking spaces of approx. 15 m2 each and a spacious storage room.
The apartment is on the third floor and thus the second highest in the building. The view will always remain and will never be diminished.

The common areas consist of a great lobby, fully equipped business center and meeting rooms, panoramic glass elevators, and two pool areas, both of which have an infinity pool and jacuzzi.
There is 24-hour security in the Reserva del Higueron, and Med One also has very high security with video and guards.

It is only a short distance to Carvajal train station, Carvajal beach with, among other places La Cubana beach restaurant and shops. There is a shuttle bus to both the beach and El Higueron center where you will find several restaurants, pharmacy, grocery stores and other shops. It takes 15 minutes to Malaga airport and 25 minutes to Marbella. Quick access to AP7 means you can travel far on the coast in a short time.

El Higueron is definitely the most popular place to stay in the Benalmadena-Fuengirola area. The area consists of beautiful new and modern houses and apartments with great views over the sea, Benalmadena and Fuengirola. Here you will also find the best hotel in the area, the Higueron Hotel Curio Collection by Hilton, where there is a great spa, tennis and padel courts, fitness center, several restaurants (one with a Michelin star) as well as a fantastic roof terrace with infinity pool and bar . The hotel also has its own exclusive beach club. Many famous sports stars have chosen to settle in this area.

It is recommended to take a look at this fantastic apartment which has everything. You and your family will be happy here and you also have an apartment that is perfect if you want to rent out and get very good income from your investment. The apartment is very easy to rent because it is new, has proximity to everything and a fantastic view.

The property has a tourist license. 

We have keys so just get in touch and we'll show you the apartment right away.