Introducing this special triplex penthouse for sale in Las Lomas de Marbella Club. Indulge in the ultimate expression of sophistication and elegance in this luxury property for sale in Las Lomas de Marbella Club. 

If you are looking for a property with a lot of terrace space, then it cannot get better than this as you will be spoilt for choice about where to spend your time. 

This is a fantastic triple penthouse unit with four bedrooms in a south west facing position. As you enter, you step into a lovely welcome hall. To the right you have the guest toilet. To the left, a massive living room with fireplace that adds the cosy character to the space. Direct access to a huge terrace that wraps around the ground floor. The terrace offers incredible views over the valley and sea and has ideal options for lounging or dining. Simply wow! The entrance hall also takes you to a separate dining room. This level also has another room which is currently set up as an office space but makes an ideal fourth bedroom. To the right takes you to a spacious kitchen with dining area. 

Moving up to the first floor, you will find two guest bedrooms with en-suite bathroom and both with access to terrace space. The master bedroom also lies on this floor with plenty of wardrobe space, large bedroom with en-suite bathroom and direct access to a terrace. 

The top floor has an incredible rooftop area with panoramic views with so much space to enjoy. A wonderful added feature is the private plunge swimming pool. Imagine entertaining up here with loved ones during the summer months! 

This complex sits opposite to the renowned Puente Romano, and around halfway between the centre of Marbella and Puerto Banus. Therefore, the location is superb as it is just a short drive to Marbella Town and Puerto Banus. Within a 2 minute drive you reach Puente Romano home to many world famous restaurants like Nobu and Leña. A perfect location close to amenities yet tucked away slightly to enjoy your own tranquillity. 

A property that ticks all the boxes – 4 bedrooms, spacious, endless room for possibilities, sea views and top location!