Beautiful 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, 1. floor apartment (80 m2) + huge terrace (40 m2) in lower Selwo, Estepona


This spacy 2 bedroom, 2 bathrooms apartment is in a perfect condition and is sold with furniture and fully equipt kitcen. 
From the east faceing 40 m2 terrace you have lot of space to enjoy the sun and the panoramic sea view. 

Bathrooms, kitchen and terrace have been reformed in the last few years using good quality materials.  Good quality appliances in the kitchen

The apartment comes with a parkingspace in the basement + a storeage room


The community has a nice pool and a well maintaned garden.     


The area:
From the community it is just a 10 min walk to the beach in a safe bike- and walkway under the road and you access the beach where you find a very popular beach restaurant. Here you also can continue you walk or bikeride to the east or west towards the town of Estepona
To the Resina golf 7 minutes easy walk aswell. 
Just 3 minutes walk from the apartment a paddle tennis club is under construction. 
The very popular Selwo Aventura park is nearby. In the area you also find the new American school and a church. 
10 minutes by car to Estepona town and 10 minutes to San Pedro town. The famouse Puerto Banus is just 15 minutes away and Marbella town just 25 minutes away.

Summary:
Middle Floor Apartment, Selwo, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 82 m², Terrace 40 m².
Setting : Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Double Glazing, Near Church, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, Safe.
Parking : Underground, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Holiday Homes, Resale.
