Stunning four-bedroom, five-bathroom west facing villa, all on one level, with phenomenal views across to El Paraiso Golf and located in a popular residential area, walking distance to amenities. As soon as you enter the grounds of this bungalow, you are immediately welcomed by an enticing internal courtyard, bursting with colourful flowers and water features, and surrounded by a cloister style shaded walkway with seating areas to while away the hours with a good book or cool drink.

Through the front door is a large entrance hall with curved staircase heading up to the tower office room. To the right you can walk through the l-shaped living room and dining area from where you can enjoy views of the garden, pool, countryside and the courtyard.
Inside the property is bright and spacious with most rooms enjoying dual aspect windows to ensure they are kept full of natural light. As well as the large covered terrace off the living room, the garden offers several different places to relax, barbecue, entertain and enjoy the warm climate and include an orchard area to the side of the villa with fruit trees. The heated pool is surrounded by colourful borders with all sorts of native flowers and plants. There is also a pool house with shower next to one of the entertaining areas. 

Back inside and by walking through the dining area you can access the elegant and well-proportioned kitchen with its streamlined design. A door leads out to another courtyard breakfast area and to the double garage beyond which also incorporates a handy golf storage room. Adjacent to the kitchen is a utility area, perfectly situated away from where you might be entertaining guests in the kitchen. Also, on this side of the property is one of the large guest suites with private shower room, dressing area and, as with all the bedroom suites, direct access out to the garden. It would be possible to make this into a self contained guest apartment or staff quarters if required. 

The spacious master suite is positioned off the living room and incorporates a large bedroom with space to have a comfortable seating area. There is also a dressing room and ensuite bathroom with separate large shower and patio doors leading out to the pool and garden. 

At the other end of this fabulous property, there are two further guest rooms, both ensuite with private bathrooms, plus an extra shower room with toilet. 

This bungalow is in truly excellent condition with many extra features including quality carpentry, central heating, hot and cold air conditioning, water heated by solar panels, double garage, specialist electrical surge protector and alarm system.
Located very close to El Paraiso Golf, El Paraiso Hotel and the new tennis club in Benavista, this property is walking distance from the shops and restaurants of Benavista as well as the famous Restaurante Ramos in El Paraiso. The golf course is approximately five minutes walk away or a very short buggy ride. Thanks to its elevation, this bungalow offers views that are not often available in El Paraiso Medio across the countryside and golf course. 

A very beautiful property, full of charm yet classically minimalist inside to appeal to all nationalities and ages. Easy to navigate with no steps inside, this property will appeal to those wanting to future proof or needing easy access for wheelchairs or prams. 
