Stunning modern 2 bed apartment with mountain & sea views, in top development with gym, spa, tennis etc. In extremely popular La Cala de Mijas beach town. Only 12-15 mins walk to the beach & main shopping boulevard.

Walking distance to one of the most popular beach towns on the Costa del Sol, offers excellent future capital growth potential and will also meet all the new rental regulations, offering excellent "buy to holiday let" possibilities.

APARTMENT

This modern luxury apartment offers; spacious lounge/ dining area with large open plan modern white high-gloss fitted kitchen and centre island. With fitted oven, hob, hood, fridge freezer, microwave and dishwasher. 2 large double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, Master with patio doors to terrace, walk in wardrobe & luxury en-suite shower room. Plus a 2nd family shower room. Partly covered terrace offering lovely views over the communal landscaped gardens, with distant mountain & sea views. Hot & cold air-con, private parking space and storage room. Interiors have a beautiful timeless design, with high quality finishes and feature neutral colour palettes.

DEVELOPMENT:

Luxury gated development with incredible facilities including; gym, spa, sauna, paddle tennis court, social indoor and out door entertaining areas, chill out BBQ area, 3 x swimming pools, waterfall, concierge service and 24h security cameras. All only approx. 12-15 minutes walk away from La Cala's beautiful beach and main boulevard with all its fabulous shops, bars, restaurants and tapas bars.

LOCATION:

Situated in the heart of the new highly sought-after residential area of La Cala de Mijas beach town. La Cala beach town offers beautiful blue flag beaches and is quickly becoming one of the most sought-after areas on the Costa del Sol, attracting celebrity chefs and restauranteurs to the area. This beautiful unspoilt beach town has a mixture of modern luxury restaurants along with its original fishing village charm and tapas bars.

The new luxury residential area surrounding the original beach town is now considered a property hot spot for investors. Ideal for enjoying a truly luxury lifestyle offering easy walking distance to beautiful beaches, golf course, shops, bars and restaurants. La Cala is centrally located between Malaga (approximately 25 minutes drive) and Marbella (approximately 15 minutes drive) giving easy access to the entire Coast.

The vendor has informed us that:

Community Charges are approx. € 190 per month.

IBI (Council Tax) is: approx. € 600 per annum.

BASURA (Rubbish Bill) is approx. € 81 per annum.

With its LPO (first occupation License) its ideal for both personal use and investors looking for a "buy to holiday let" investment. Call now to secure this beautiful property.

CONTACT US NOW TO RESERVE THIS STUNNING PROPERTY / DEAL, WHICH WILL SELL VERY QUICKLY.