A penthouse is for sale in the Monte Paraíso Country Club. This urbanisation, located in Marbella and considered one of the best residential areas, is located at the foot of the Sierra Blanca, in the middle of the Golden Mile. Its strategic position places it a few minutes by car from the city centre and the beaches.

The luxurious complex occupies a completely enclosed plot of 80,000m². It offers 24-hour security through surveillance cameras and a security checkpoint with access control at the entrance.

The duplex penthouse impresses with its south-facing and its 4 en-suite bedrooms with underfloor heating. It has a direct elevator that leads to the entrance hall, where there is a guest toilet.

On the ground floor, there is a spacious and sunny living room with impressive central marble walls, a large fireplace and a separate dining room with large windows.
From here you can access both the kitchen and the terrace. The modern kitchen, recently renovated with high-end appliances, has a breakfast area, double window, separate laundry room with sink and a clothesline terrace suitable even for rainy days. The magnificent terrace, with access from the living room, the dining room and the master bedroom, has a large glazed area that serves as the second winter lounge. It is fully equipped with a TV connection, a living area to enjoy the views, hot and cold air conditioning, and a beautiful roof covered with very original gardening.

The terrace offers a fresh and modern atmosphere with open views of the coast and the sea. The other part of the terrace is ready to install some beams on four marble columns, creating a relaxation area with a covered kitchen barbecue that has been added to the house. On this floor, in addition to the master bedroom with a beautiful en suite bathroom with jacuzzi and large shower, there is a second bedroom overlooking the garden and its bathroom completely renovated en suite.
Going up some stairs with an original glass handrail that decorates and expands the access to the upper floor, we find the third en suite bedroom with double access to the upper terraces: one facing south and the other to the north, with wonderful views of La Concha.

Finally, there is another additional bedroom, the room, with its bathroom and direct access to the south terrace.
The complex has several communal outdoor pools, beautiful well-kept gardens and an elegant access from the street with fountain and flowers, which makes it one of the most exclusive and safe complexes in Marbella. The property includes 2 private parking spaces in the underground car park of the urbanization, in addition to a storage room, and is sold furnished