INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. This unfinished golf front villa overlooking the fairways and lake of hole Nº6 of Asia course in La Cala Golf resort, is an excellent opportunity. Under construction, for sale as the villa is with an estimate cost to complete the construction of about 400.000€. The villa will welcome you with an entrance hall giving access to large living and dining room leading to a sunny terrace with wonderful golf views and with access to the pool area, very large open-plan large kitchen, 2 double bedrooms, 1 family bathroom + 1 guest toilet on the main floor. The top floor is home to the impressive master suite with vaulted ceiling, wall-to-wall bay-window, private terrace + balcony with commanding views, large en-suite bathroom with bath and walk-in-shower. The 160m2 of the lower floor offers a wide range of possibilities for converting it to suit your needs, such as 2 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, 1 gym or TV room, 1 laundry room,+ plenty of storage space... Large L shape infinity swimming-pool overlooking the fairways, platform prepared for a beautiful pool house, large space for landscaped garden. This could your perfect house. Contact us 

It's no secret that La Cala is one of the finest golf resorts in Spain. Three superb championship courses, each presenting its own unique challenges, a luxury hotel with a state of the art Spa, a splendid Club house, sports facilities, bars and restaurants, with its breathtaking vistas of the stunning Andalusian countryside and to the sea, La Cala golf Resort is worlds away from the hustle and bustle of the coast, yet just 10 minutes to the sea, 20 minutes from Marbella and less than 30 minutes from Malaga airport.

Bedrooms: 3+2 | Bathrooms: 3+1wc | Interior size: 220m2 + 160m2 lower level| Terraces: 45m2 | Plot: 1.090 m2 | Private pool | Orientation: S - SE

Airport: 25 min drive – La Cala de Mijas: 5 min drive - Fuengirola: 7 min drive - Marbella Center: 15 min drive - Puerto Banus: 20 min drive - Golf : Golf front - Beach: 5 min drive – Restaurants/bars : 15 min walk & 5 min drive - Amenities: 5 min drive - Public Transports: 5 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date. Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!
