Discover the epitome of Country living with this exceptional estate nestled between Malaga and Archidona. An enchanting estate that harmoniously blends the allure of an Andalucian Hacienda. 
The impressive property of about 300M2 on about 40.000M2 of land is located on the outskirts of Villanueva del Rosario, a white washed town in the province of Málaga, Andalucia, Southern Spain. This lovely town sits at the base of the Cerro de la Cruz, with rolling countryside on the other three sides. Famous for the quality of its olive oil, the countryside is naturally populated with olive trees with wheat fields in between. 
The area was originally inhabited by Romans, who were followed by Arabic and Visigoth settlements by the river bank.
Offering breathtaking mountain views and endless olive groves, this remarkable property is an oasis for nature lovers seeking a life of comfort, peace and tranquillity, and impeccable Southern Spanish charm.

Privacy Meets Convenience:
Despite its aura of seclusion, this property is conveniently positioned only a 6-minute drive from the main road connecting to the vibrant Costa del Sol. Private but still close to amenities such as bars, restaurants,
supermarkets and a medical center and small hospital all within a 10 minute drive. You can shop in Trabuco, Archidona, or go to the bigger town of Antequera, only 20 minutes away. Malaga airport is at a 40 minute drive. For those who are fans of gastronomy you can enjoy fantastic food in some famous neighbouring restaurants.
As we say, in the middle of nowhere but in the middle of everywhere!

Approaching the Cortijo, a private electrically controlled gateway opens to reveal a meandering driveway leading to the residence. Your first glimpse of the house reflects the meticulous attention to detail that defines this splendid living space.
You will not be able to wait to first see the incredible heated salt infinity pool of 11,5M X 6M in the middle of a beautiful garden with many fruit trees to include granada, oranges, apricots, figs, lemons, limes, picadelly
pears, almonds and olive trees. 365 days of pure pleasure! Or would you prefer to have a glass of champagne in the Jacuzzi with a beautiful mountain view?

Natural Splendor: 
The gardens enveloping the residence are a testament to meticulous landscaping. A symphony of various trees and ornamental plants creates a living canvas that changes with the seasons.
A big part of the land is flat which makes it perfect to keep horses or, why not, for a glamping project. The property is fully fenced.

Authentic but moreover comfortable:
The Cortijo enjoys oil central heating, air-conditioning, 3 wood burning log fires and is connected to the mains water and electricity network. Don't worry about eventual shortages of water.. It never happened here thanks to the 20.000 liter water deposit! Irrigation of the beautiful gardens is automatic and has separate irrigation area's thanks to different taps.

On your left of the main entrance of the Cortijo, the meticulously landscaped grounds enveloping the property feature impeccable flower borders, and mature trees, creating an idyllic outdoor haven. The covered
terrace with the large table guarantees you endless joy for drinks, meals or working outside. The property benefits from having Starlink internet providing excellent fast wifi and great TV applications.
Entering through the impressive Andalusian double doors, you are welcomed by an enchanting Andalusian Courtyard, replete with rustic charm and a beautiful fountain, typical of the Moorish style.
The Cortijo consists of 2 parts that are currently used as 2 separate houses. Only top-tier materials were employed in the construction of this stunning property. The 2 houses can easily be joined again, but for people
who would prefer a separate private house + a guest house for family and friends then this setup is perfect. The properties come with two separate deeds, although to live in the Cortijo as one large family home simply
knock through the hidden doorway.

The Main House:
Stepping into an inviting main entrance hall adorned with intricately mosaic floors and captivating details, as you cross this threshold, you are immediately greeted by an ambiance that whispers of the property's
authentic charm. From the hall, a generous living room beckons, adorned with a large open fireplace that radiates warmth and coziness. The room is bathed in natural light pouring through the French doors that seamlessly lead to the spacious covered terrace and the courtyard. This outdoor haven is a gateway to an astonishing vista of the mountain range, inviting you to bask in the splendour of the surrounding landscape.
This part of the Cortijo also has a nice country kitchen, a dining room, another sitting room, a library/office. The 2 generously sized double bedrooms, each accompanied by its own bathroom, create private
sanctuaries for comfort and repose. Moreover, the highlight of the master bedroom is the dressing room and the expansive terrace that provides an-unparalleled vantage point to behold the unspoiled beauty of the
surroundings.

The Guest Retreat: 
The guest house stands as a hidden gem. Open and welcoming, this part of the Cortijo features a hallway, a large brand new well-appointed kitchen, a dining area and a cozy sitting room.  The master bedroom with ensuite shower room and dressing room is situated downstairs. You will also enjoy the 2 additional charming sitting rooms of which one is used as an office. The 2 extra large double bedrooms and one shower room are situated upstairs. 
This cottage offers comfort and privacy to guests, mirroring the grandeur of the main residence. For more comfort all windows are double glazed.

In conclusion, this property is truly one-of-a-kind, offering absolute privacy and fulfilling every conceivable dream of a quintessential Spanish countryside lifestyle. This fantastic Cortijo encapsulates the beauty,
heritage, and elegance of Andalucia, inviting you to become a part of its captivating story. 
