"If views are desired, this is the dream Spanish home! 
Recently renovated house in picturesque Villanueva de la Concepción.
The village has everything you need grocery shops, schools, medical centre and fantastic restaurants, only a 8 minute drive from the villa. 

Villuaneva de la Concepcion is a 40 minute drive from Malaga Airport and the coast. Easily accessible to Costa Del Sol beaches and the services the coast has to offer. You have the best of both worlds. Peace, tranquility and the hustle and bustle of Malaga when desired. 

The villa itself is occupied as a family home however it is the perfect opportunity to invest and operate as a vacation rental. It's Ideal for holiday rentals because of the location near the wonderful natural reserve "el Torcal". A hours drive from the Caminito del Rey, Granada and Ronda 1.5hrs. Marbella, Nerja and the popular tourists hot spots are a direct mountain road. 

The current owners own a successful rental within the area. They also property manage two other rentals. If you are looking for a management team they are open to adding this property to their portfolio. 

This property's location is very favoured. It is located close to a very well maintained road giving easy access. The villa is private not over looked by any neighbours. The views are simply mesmerising Malaga, Granada and the impressive El Torcal, also the Atlas Mountains on a clear day. 

The property has 4 very generous sized bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. All rooms, bathrooms, dining room and living room have been completely renovated to a high standard. 

In the garden is a building that could easily be turned into a studio/apartment.
2 terraces with picturesque views over the entire valley and the mountains. 

Next to the spacious swimming pool you have a modern covered lounge area to dine al fresco. There is ample parking at this property. 
All rooms can be heated via gas central heating. All bedrooms have air conditioning.
A large tank for storage of water is present which is filled by city water."