Building license in place and construction has already started ( ground works have been completed ) 12-14 months for delivery date once a deposit is in place.

Located in Calanova Golf.
The Villa

The hydrogen-powered villa will have underfloor heating, LED lighting inside and out, significant solar, and Tesla battery storage, making this villa incredibly affordable to own. It was designed by an award-winning architectural design team based in Marbella. It will feature some of the most innovative renewable technology available.

This will be the first off-grid Creo ICF Hydrogen Home on the Costa del Sol with incredible unobstructed views of the Mediterranean Ocean.

The Materials

The building will be constructed using the BBA-approved CREO ICF (insulated concrete forms) system with a Domestic Hydrogen power system, which will be used to generate electricity for the home through a hydrogen electrical generator. 

Using extra solar energy to generate additional electricity will ensure that the villa is entirely self-sufficient throughout the year. This system only emits water and oxygen, both of which can be used to irrigate the garden and is completely free of carbon.

Only Creo Homes offer the most modern form of energy storage and power generation offered by the advanced Creo Hydrogen power system. Worldwide, various industrial and domestic applications will be powered by the CREO integrated Hydrogen system, a fully scalable system that can deliver electrical power from the grid, solar, and wind sources wherever required.

They have a modular system to meet every need, from housing to factories to National Grid support. Creo hydrogen power systems can offer excellent financial and environmental advantages compared to natural gas. Green hydrogen is a clean energy source because it produces and consumes no greenhouse gases. The systems provide the most competitive pricing and flexibility for renewable hydrogen production. Their multicore systems respond quickly to intermittent renewable energy loads, producing high-quality hydrogen in any environment.

Other features of the property include a heated infinity pool, four bedrooms, three bathrooms, a guest WC, a spacious integral garage for two cars, a storage room, advanced heating and cooling systems, an internal courtyard, a gym with an indoor swimming pool, a modern fully fitted kitchen and a spacious reception room with stunning panoramic views overlooking the Calanova Golf Club, an 18-hole golf course (par 72 / 5.866 meters) located in the beautiful golf valley behind La Cala de Mijas, just minutes from the beach and the centre of La Cala.

Construction on the grounds has begun, with completion possible in twelve /fourteen months once a buyer is found.  At this point, the buyer can work with the developer's internal design team to create their own personalised dream home. Once constructed, the building will be subject to a 10-year builder guarantee.

The villa's main focal point is a beautiful, sculptured staircase with an additional internal lift to all floors. Outside, there will be an easy-care garden and an internal courtyard with an outdoor lounge area to take advantage of the year-round sunshine that the Costa del Sol offers.

Reservation Deposit and Payment Schedule

€10,000 - Reservation Fee
30% + VAT - First deposit 28 days after reservation  (less reservation fee)
30% + VAT - When the shell is finished
20% + VAT – When the building is water/wind tight
20% + VAT – Upon Completion (Title Deeds)