MAGNIFICENT APARTMENT situated in an exclusive gated urbanisation in Cerro del Aguila, Mijas. Enjoy the comfort of this two bedroom residence located on the ground floor overlooking the beautiful communal garden.

LARGE PRIVATE TERRACE spacious, spectacular and covered for all year round use and through which you access the property which is distributed in a functional way, including a bright living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a master bedroom with dressing room en suite, complete bathroom as well as a second bedroom with fitted wardrobe. Total surface area 72m2.

FEATURES: air conditioning, pantry, double glazed windows, furnished terrace. 6 minutes from Miramar shopping centre. Urbanization with swimming pool, garden and tennis court, communal parking areas, supermarket and cafeteria. Bus stop just in front of the urbanisation. Option to rent or buy parking spaces and storage rooms in the community. Security is guaranteed with a guard service in the urbanisation. Sold unfurnished, offering the opportunity to personalise this stunning space to your own preferences. Community fees 32€/month.

INVESTMENT ideal for first home or tourist rental and can generate 180€/day 1100€/month.

REQUEST A VISIT to view this property and get FREE advice from our team of architects.

ABOUT MIJAS

One of the jewels of the Costa del Sol, Mijas is comfortably situated on the mountainside for superb views over the Mediterranean Sea. Known for its picturesque whitewashed architecture, Mijas is the ideal place for those seeking a relaxed lifestyle in the strategic centre of the Costa del Sol. This enclave is the perfect destination to enjoy a home close to the sea, wonderful beaches and excellent amenities on your doorstep with a wide variety of restaurants, bars and shops - don't miss this unique opportunity to enjoy the relaxed and sophisticated lifestyle of the Costa del Sol!

Cerro del Aguila is situated next to the large Costa del Sol Park which will become a key tourist attraction, fusing sport and leisure in a natural setting. The design includes a navigable lake, skatepark, playground, children's aquatic area, dog park, spaces for the elderly, a running track and cultural areas such as an open-air amphitheatre, all integrated into a 350,000 square metre coastal environment.

ABOUT US

HouseUp offers a wide range of properties on the Costa del Sol.

Through our links with developers, individual owners and collaborators we find the best homes for our clients to enjoy a property on the Costa del Sol.

We are Chartered Architects and Estate Agents who are experts in Costa del Sol property.

(*) Real estate fees included in the sale price. Not including expenses inherent to the purchase such as ITP, AJD, notary, registry, etc.




Ground Floor Apartment, Cerros del Aguila, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, Built 54 m², Terrace 20 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Town, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Garden, Pool, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Private Terrace, Tennis Court, Double Glazing.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Communal.
Category : Investment.
