The best value 3 bed Apartment in this complex. Recently reformed, offering modern comfort and convenience set in an idyllic location. West facing and with stunning views from the large terrace. The apartment consists of 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms (master en-suite) and has a large sunny terrace and comes with garage parking (18m2) next to the lift and one of the largest storerooms (10.5m2) included in the price. Located on the 3rd (middle) floor, although it is only 1 floor up from the entrance to the block which can be accessed from the communal garden areas from both the ground floor and the 2nd floor. There is a lift to all floors, and this goes directly to the underground garage parking.

When you enter this bright and spacious apartment you will immediately realise that it has been meticulously and tastefully remodelled with high end qualities and fittings, there is a newly installed top of the range aircon unit in the lounge which has a silent operation to offer hot and cold air-conditioning. The appliances in the kitchen are top range Bosch, AEG etc, the bathrooms and floor tiles are all travertine marble. All the windows and patio doors are quality double-glazed units. Swish curtain rails and high-quality curtains are fitted over the patio doors to the living room and all three bedrooms. The master bathroom en-suite has been transformed with a large walk-in rain shower. All three bedrooms are double size and have built in fitted wardrobes. 

The exceptional outside space with this apartment is where you will enjoy your leisure time the most and the spectacular sunsets and views from the south and west facing terrace are breath taking to say the least with views of the lake, gardens and communal pool and far-reaching vistas to the Sierra de Mijas mountains. The 48m² sunny terrace is also part covered so you can relax in the shade when the sun is high above. This region is renowned for its exceptional weather, boasting over 320 days of sunshine annually.

Covering over 16 hectares of meticulously landscaped lush tropical gardens, this complex boasts 24hr gated and manned security and CCTV, a lake, two saltwater communal swimming pools, including one with a charming Chiringuito pool bar onsite. Sol Andalusi offers a secure environment for singles and families alike. Outdoor enthusiasts will delight in the floodlit padel and tennis courts, five-a-side football, basketball court, outdoor table tennis, outdoor gym, and a children's playground, all seamlessly integrated into the lush surroundings. Two expansive communal swimming pools, operating on a saltwater system, come complete with vigilant lifeguards during the open season. Further new amenities are in process to open soon including a fully equipped Technogym, indoor heated pool, spa and high-end boutique restaurant. Sol Andalusi is totally wheelchair friendly.

Due to its unique lifestyle qualities the Sol Andalusi complex has become a sought-after landmark development in the fast-growing town of Alhaurín de la Torre. There are excellent transport links to Málaga City, Airport and Technology Park (PTA). The Plaza Mayor shopping and entertainment centre and the nearest beaches at Los Alamos and Playamar can be reached in under half an hour. 

There are no less than 4 golf courses with a short driving distance, the closest being Lauro Golf. Sol Andalusi is just 5 mins by car to the popular town centre of Alhaurín de la Torre where you will find an abundance of all amenities including, restaurants, bars, cafes, shops, supermarkets, banks, chemists, clinic and numerous sports facilities.

This is a rare to market opportunity to purchase an apartment in the Sol Andalusi complex as a permanent residence or second home. The property is being offered for sale unfurnished. There is also a very high demand for both short and long-term rentals in this complex making it also ideal for any investor looking for a high yield year-round rental investment. Don't delay! We do not expect this property to be on the market for long. Contact us to today to arrange your viewing appointment.