Welcome to this fantastic residence in lower Torreblanca, with striking views of the sea, Fuengirola town and the beautiful bay.

Here we have two villas on the same plot, with entrances both from the street below and the one above. A great location in a popular area, within walking distance to the beach, restaurants and shops.
When you enter through the gate at the upper entrance there is a carport with space for two cars, and on the right you reach the entrance door to the house. Once inside there is a hall and a guest toilet, and then you enter  the spacious open area between the stylish living room, the beautiful dining area with sea views and the bright kitchen with a separate part for laundry. Here is also a staircase with glass railings that leads to the lower floor and the bedrooms.
The entire upper floor has glass windows facing the sea, and in the kitchen and living room there are doors to the terrace that stretches along the entire side of the house. It is a spacious area with room for a dinner table, sunbeds and a lounge corner.
On the lower floor there are three bedrooms with room for a double bed, all with their own bathrooms. There is also an extra area now used as an office with windows facing the pool and the sea, which can easily be converted into another bedroom.
The private heated pool is large with plenty of space for both swimming and water play, and the area around the pool accommodates sunbeds with straw parasols, tables and chairs, outdoor kitchen and open areas for playing. Here we also have a newly built spa bath. Thanks to the optimal southwest location, there is sun on both the terraces and the pool area from morning to late evening.
In the other house there is a living room, fully equipped kitchen, four full-sized bedrooms and three bathrooms. Perfect if you are a larger family, or have guests visiting. It is also an optimal investment for you who, for example, want to rent out one house and use the other yourself, as there is a gate to close between the two villas if necessary. The property have lpo/first occupation license.
The entire property is recently renovated and in very good condition, with good choice of materials and light tones.
There is several terraces, fruit trees and plants around the house. Sprinkler systems are installed for the green areas.
Facing the road at the lower entrance is a garage with space for a car or other storage, as well as an extra space for a car outside. Solar panels on the roof and carport take care of a large part of the houses' and pools' electricity consumption.

Do not miss this oppertunity to get a beautiful rare double home in one of the best location in Fuengirola!