A lovely single storey traditional style 5 bed villa, with private pool, located in the quiet community of El Pilar. The villa has been very tastefully reformed and modernised to a high standard, so a new owner wouldn't need to do any further works, other than to suit their personal taste.

The property is entered via electric gates, in to a spacious driveway with space for several vehicles, plus a covered car port with space for 2 more vehicles.  Upon entering the villa, the first thing one notices is a sense of space, as the entrance hall has a high galleried ceiling with a stylish wooden beamed insert.  Directly off the hallway is the access to two of the bedrooms, one of which is currently used as an office and the other is the master bedroom, which boasts a large walk-in closet and lovely modern en-suite shower room.

The main living space is accessed via the other side of the entrance hall, which leads directly in to a large dining area, which in turn leads through to a spacious lounge and a beautifully modernised kitchen with a large island located in the middle.   At the other end of the dining area is the access to the other 3 bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite shower room, with the other 2 bedrooms sharing a bathroom which contains a bath and walk-in shower.  From the side of the dining area is access to a spacious south facing sun terrace which in turn leads to a large beautifully maintained garden, containing many shrubs, trees and flowers and a good sized swimming pool.  The property is very quiet, peaceful and private, as it's not overlooked by windows of any of the neighbouring properties.

The location is also very convenient, within walking distance of many local amenities in nearby commercial centres and only a 10-15 drive to Estepona (recently crowned the "Garden of Andalucia" and voted one of the best towns in Spain in which to live) and the world famous Puerto Banus.  The nearest beaches are within walking distance via nearby footbridges, but are more realistically a 5-10 min drive.   
Malaga & Gibraltar airports are approximately 45-50 mins drive to the East & West respectively.

Must be seen to be fully appreciated.

Detached Villa, New Golden Mile, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 3.5 Bathrooms, Built 288 m², Terrace 27 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Barbeque.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Security : Electric Blinds, Entry Phone, Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Covered, Private.
Utilities : Drinkable Water.
Category : Luxury, Resale.
