LOS JAZMINES, SAN PEDRO, MARBELLA:
A very nice 3 bedroom apartment in Los Jazmines, one of the best complexes in San Pedro, beachside with nice panoramic sea views and with tropical garden.

This very bright apartment is in the 4th floor. There is just the penthouse above. 

PROPERTY:
Large apartment in one of the most popular and gated community,Los Jazmines, in the heart of Nueva Alcántara, just minutes from the beach and surrounded by all kinds of restaurants, shops, etc ...
It has 3 spacious bedrooms and 2 bathrooms + a guest toilet. All bedrooms have direct access to the terrace. Nice and large living room with direct access to the beautiful terraces with panoramic views to sea and beautiful views to the Marbella icon mountain, La Concha . Fully equipped kitchen with all necessary appliances.
Enjoy also the tropical garden with the pools. Ideal to enjoy the fantastic climate of the Costa del Sol.
This apartment has not parking space in the basement and no storageroom in the basement. It might be possible to rent or bye from other owner

AREA:
San Pedro de Alcántara is a thriving town located just 10 minutes West of Marbella yet has retained its small town charm despite a considerable rise in popularity and facilities.
10 minutes from Marbella, 5 from Puerto Banús, 10 minutes from Estepona and 35 minutes from Malaga airport, it occupies a fantastic location in the middle everything yet quiet and relaxed.

The central point of the town is the Boulevard de San Pedro, finished 2014. A long and wide walkway, with footbridges, cycle paths, an amphitheater, fountains, plenty of play areas, 3 good bar/restaurants and with regular events and street markets, the boulevard has rapidly become the place to go for San Pedro residents and tourists.
From the boulevard a pedestrianized street stretches north to the church square with its pretty local church. The street is lined with dozens of cafes for watching the world go by as well as popular and fashionable bars and other more Spanish tapas bars. With plenty of shops, banks, supermarkets as well as gyms and health and beauty facilities, everything in San Pedro is within a 5 or 10 minute walk down its winding streets.
South from the boulevard, along a wide tree lined avenue is the beach, with a wide and long promenade with an equally spacious beach. With plenty of beachside bars and restaurants - "chiringuitos" – it's a popular place on a summer day and at the weekends in the warm and sunny winter days.
San Pedro also has the distinction of hosting the last summer fair (feria) in Andalucia, celebrating its patron Saint during the second week in October.
Within a short drive is the small white village of Benahavís and the beauty of the Sierra de Las Nieves and Serrania de Ronda natural parks, with plenty of hiking and mountain biking trails as well as pretty white villages and fantastic scenery.
A refreshingly un-spoilt town, with recent developments only adding to the excitement and appeal of the town, San Pedro de Alcántara is one of the most demanded locations on the Costa del Sol for property sales, long term rentals as well as being hugely popular due its convenient location as summer holiday destination.

DISTANCES:
Approximate distances are:
Malaga Airport - 45 minutes
Puerto Banus - 3 KM
Marbella - 10 KM
Estepona - 10 KM
Benahavis Village - 20 KM
Ronda - 60 KM
Gibraltar - 60 KM
Granada - 200 KM

SUMMARY:
Middle Floor Apartment, 4th floor (just the penthouse above), San Pedro de Alcántara, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2.5 Bathrooms, Built 118 m2;, Terrace 22 m2;.

Setting : Town, Beachside, Mountain Pueblo, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, ADSL / WIFI, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Near Church.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Gas.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.