Green Hill Marbella is a beautiful boutique villa project consisting of only 14 luxurious Scandinavian design villas enjoying impressive golf and mountain views. This gated and secured community is conveniently located halfway between the famous cities of Marbella and Málaga, and is only 5 minutes away from the hidden gem Puerto de Cabopino with its cozy marina and blue flagged wide sandy beaches including the natural park Las Dunas de Artola stretching all the way to Marbella along the coast.

This semi-detached 5 bed 3.5 bath corner villa in Green Hill Marbella particularly is unique within the complex and consisting of 3 floors including a spacious basement that allows a lot of daylight inside through the extra windows. Stepping inside you immediately encounter the double height ceiling lounge area and the spacious and bright open plan kitchen/living room. Next to the main entrance sits a dressing room and guest toilet. Glass sliding doors open to the terrace and garden on two sides of the house. Upstairs you will find 2 guest bedrooms with guest bathroom plus the primary bedroom with bathroom ensuite and private balcony with exterior staircase providing access to the large solarium. The big basement hosts two extra bedrooms, a shower/laundry room, a storage/machine room and the cozy entertainment area. In addition to the private plunge pool, this property also comes with a big private saltwater swimming pool in the South facing garden which semi wraps around the property offering sun all day long.  On top this is one of the only 6 villas in the development with a 50m2 solarium, where there is the possibility to add a Jacuzzi and to enjoy panoramic golf and sea views. 

The finishes are of high standard and the floor to ceiling windows provide plenty of natural light. Floor to ceiling double glazed glass sliding doors with sun protection glass. Polished limestone flooring continues outside on the terrace in anti-slip. Underfloor heating in the bathrooms and pre-installation throughout. Fully fitted island kitchen with Bosch appliances and Silestone worktop. Premium quality bathrooms with Roca The Gap porcelainware. Double height ceilings add extra luxury to the overall look and feel of this stunning contemporary villa. The community fee also covers garden and pool maintenance. There is a private parking space just in front of the house with installation for an electric car charger. Come see it with your own eyes!