Stunning 3 bed, 3 bath luxury apartment in beautiful Nueva Andalucia development, offering a quality lifestyle, beautiful views, easy walk to shops, bars, restaurants and only 6 minutes drive to famous Puerto Banus marina / beach club.

APARTMENT:

This spacious (295 m2 construction) yet homely apartment is set in a very classy gated development. Entering the property you have a nice size entrance hall leading to all rooms. Including double doors into spacious lounge / dining area with box coving, spot lights and quality patio doors to a large (approx 72 m2) stunning outside terrace area, ideal for "al fresco" entertaining / chilling. This terrace is half covered and has cream marble floors, storage cupboards, lower deck and breathtaking panoramic views over Las Brisas golf course, Nueva Andalucia golf valley and Marbella's iconic " La Concha" mountain. The spacious white high gloss fitted kitchen has plenty of wall / base units and granite work top along with dishwasher, oven, hob, hood & microwave. From the kitchen there is also a utility room housing washer, dryer, boiler and work top.

Large Master bedroom with walk in wardrobe, en-suite luxury bathroom and patio doors leading to the main terrace area. Two further large double bedrooms with big windows, fitted wardrobes and two more luxury shower rooms (one en-suite). This luxury property also benefits from Cream Marble floors, under floor heating throughout, hot and cold air-con, 2 underground parking spaces and good size storage room.

EXTRA OFFICE with WC. for additional € 50,000.

The original sales office for the development is also available next to this apartment, Offering the potential to knock into the apartment to make it even bigger or could be kept separate for home office, guest room, or staff quarters.

DEVELOPMENT:

Situated in a prestigious gated development overlooking Las Brisas Golf Course. The development has landscaped gardens, 2 swimming pools and 24 hr security. Walking distance to lots of local shops, bars and restaurants.

LOCATION:

Located in one of Marbella's most sought after residential locations "Nueva Andalucia", only 6 mins drive away from the world famous luxury marina / beach town of Puerto Banus. Puerto Banus is one of the most chic marinas in the world, full of designer shops and luxury restaurants. The beaches along this part of the coastline are stunning and host most of Spain's top beach clubs / restaurants. However, due to its popularity (hustle and bustle) most buyers prefer to live just outside this area in the beautiful Nueva Andalucia Golf Valley, which is a more classy and tranquil location. Clients can then dip in and out of Puerto Banus as and when they want to party with the rich and famous. Marbella's incredibly beautiful old town and palm tree lined promenade are also only around 15 mins drive away. Malaga airport is only approx. 40 mins drive away.

This stunning and unique apartment is one of the best value of it's type / location. So don't delay reserve / view now or call for a video tour if you are abroad and un available to view in person.