Welcome to a luxurious oasis nestled in the prestigious Golden Beach area of Elviria! This stunning 3-bedroom, 4-bathroom apartment offers an unparalleled blend of sophistication, comfort, and coastal elegance.
The apartment offers 3 individual dwellings. One for living comfortably and the other 2 apartments as separate living spaces that can be either rented out, or converted back, making one extremely large apartment. Upon entering, you are greeted by a spacious and luminous living area with an open-concept design which seamlessly connects the living room to the kitchen, complete with state-of-the-art appliances, sleek countertops, and ample storage space. From the kitchen there is also a small, Spanish style, outdoor dining patio.
The master bedroom is a sanctuary of relaxation, featuring lavish twin en-suite bathrooms, a free standing bath and a generous walk in closet. The two additional bedrooms/apartments are thoughtfully designed with comfort in mind, each offering plenty of space and plenty of natural light. One maybe rented short term for holiday lets and the other for long term as all three dwellings have separate entrances. 
Immerse yourself in the serenity of coastal living where you can entertain guests or simply unwind while enjoying the sea breeze. The apartment's privileged location within the Golden Beach community ensures exclusive access to pristine sandy shores and landscaped gardens, with various streams and fountain areas creating a tranquil and private retreat. There are also two very large swimming pools with children's pools.

Golden Beach in Elviria not only offers a prime residential setting, but also provides easy access to a myriad of amenities, including world-class golf courses, upscale dining establishments, and vibrant nightlife. This apartment represents living in one of the most coveted coastal communities on the Costa del Sol. Immerse yourself in the allure, where sophistication and seaside charm converge, to create an unparalleled living experience.

This property is very unique with many options for it's use. Ideal for investors!
