RESERVED!
Spectacular and very spacious garden apartment within the prestigious complex of Four Seasons Flamingos, located next to the famous Villa Padierna Hotel and surrounded by no less than the 3 golf courses of Los Flamingos. Set in an elevated and quiet environment, yet less than 2 kilometers from all amenities including the beach with its new promenade/cycle way that takes you all the way into Estepona town and beyond.

This beautiful apartment features a large covered terrace as well as its own private garden of 76 sq.meters. It is south facing receiving sun from early morning until sunset. Accomodation consists of a hallway, spacious living room with fireplace, separate large kitchen with space for a breakfast table, 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, of which two are en-suite. There are also 2 storage rooms inside the apartment itself. In addition there is a small garden on the north side of the property outside one of the guest bedrooms.
Features of the apartment includes underfloor heating in the bathrooms, fireplace in the living room, timeless antique Italian marble floors, fully fitted kitchen with all appliances (Bosch), garage space with lift access. The luxurious and low density community of Four Seasons Flamingos has stunning communal gardens and two swimming pools, one of them heated. It is gated with concierge and security services.

Los Flamingos Golf Resort offers the very best of the Costa del Sol. This stunning hillside location boasts views to the sea, golf courses, natural lake and mountains. It is in close proximity to Marbella and Puerto Banus and has the best climate in Spain. This prestigious development offers you a wonderful lifestyle. Play golf on one of the 3 golf courses, enjoy a day at the Villa Padierna Spa, experience the Los Flamingos sunset whilst dining at one of the 3 restaurants or just spend the day at the Beach Club. This 5 star resort is on par with the best anywhere in Europe. The whole valley is developed under a master plan which ensures consistent high standards, panoramic views and plenty of open space for all the Los Flamingos developments.The general feeling when you arrive in Los Flamingos is one of tranquillity and beauty and rivals any top quality resort in Europe.
