This equestrian property is close to all amenities, and just around the corner from Alhaurin El Grande and the surrounding towns of Coin and Cartama. Malaga is a short drive and the coast easily accessible by car. A convenient gateway between inland and the coast.

Located on a large plot of over 15.000, conveniently divided into two areas, one with the house and surrounding gardens and the other with a separate flat area with stables and equestrian area.

The house is well distributed over three floors, with various terraces. The kitchen is well equipped and has stone worktops and a breakfast bar. The lounge is ample is size and has three sets of opening terrace doors, two leading to a covered terrace and the other to the gardens. 

There is a feature staircase with glass block windows leading to the upper level. With superb views and lots of possibilities. The ensuite master bedroom is good in size and the bathroom has a jacuzzi bath and shower.

The property also has an independent apartment with living room and fully fitted kitchen and double bedroom. 

Other features of this characteristic property include, utility room, oil fired boiler for hot water and central heating, double glazing, high quality Portuguese marble flooring throughout, efficient under floor heating, solar panels for hot water, very large garage and a separate garage for 4 cars which could easily be converted into another self-contained apartment.

The exterior of this country home enjoys superb panoramic southerly views towards Alhaurin el Grande town and the surrounding mountains. The gardens extend to around 7.500 m2, and there is heated pool with an electric pool cover and underwater lighting. There are various outbuildings.

There is an impressive driveway leading up to the property, and the garden has various trees including 50 century old protected olive trees and many oranges, lemons and peach trees, as well as a vegetable garden and a large wooden gazebo. The land has been ecological for 8 years and produces its own olive oil. 

The property also benefits from an impressive equestrian centre with many superb and well thought out features, furthermore, it is completely separate from the house and gardens. There is a stable block with three full size boxes, and a smaller box for a pony. In the stable block there is a large feed store room, and an air conditioned tack room, which is currently used as a gymnasium. There is also a separate 6m x 6m shelter for the horses. The equestrian area accounts for around 8.000 m2, and there is a training field, a 330 m circular running track, and full flood lighting for night time use. It has an Oca licence and could allow for 5 more horses, with a total of 8-10 horses. 

This property is unique and perfectly planned, it is rare to find such a superb equestrian centre in such a good location. Call now for viewings!