NEW apartment, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms including one en-suite, on the first floor of the smallest block comprising only 9 apartments in total, in Corner, facing south, with frontal sea view.
The new residence has an extraordinary swimming pool with elevator access, exotic gardens, numerous outdoor parking spaces, and each apartment has its own very large private parking space in the basement, with a good-sized trastero. The car park faces the elevator access which leads directly to the front door, for people with restricted mobility.
The materials are of the latest generation, the entire apartment has floating parquet floors.
The 28 M2 terrace has a glass railing and is facing south, semi-covered,
The master suite opens onto the terrace, the other two bedrooms are at the rear of the apartment with a view of the common gardens.
The living room has a side window which offers even more light.
Apartment sold fully furnished (except a few personal items) by a designer, fully equipped, alarm contract and high-speed internet. Ideal for immediate move-in, the dishes, sheets and towels are already there!
We are about 7 minutes drive from Estepona port, 4 minutes from the shopping center, and there is a small shopping center with various shops within walking distance, as well as the Bahia Dorada beach on foot.
TOURISTIC LICENCE IN PLACE FOR THIS UNIT ! Amaizing investisment regarding this area.
We have the keys for easy visits.

Middle Floor Apartment, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 103 m², Terrace 28 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Beachside, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent, New Construction.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Garden.
Features : Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Gym, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Wood Flooring, Access for people with reduced mobility, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, Alarm System, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Solar water heating.
Category : Bargain, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
