LOCATION LA CALA DE MIJAS! DETACHED BUNGALOW VILLA WALKING DISTANCE TO SEA & TOWN & AMENITIES !

Renovated key ready is this spacious, illuminous open plan bungalow detached villa ready to move into in the best location in La Cala de Mijas.
The entrance of the villa is accessed both by a short flight of steps or by a ramp for persons with reduced mobility.
Once inside you are greeted with a wide open plan of the living, dining, kitchen and also an additional chill out area.
There are many floor to ceiling windows that makes this villa bright and illuminous.

From the window of the living room there are partial sea views. There are 4 bedrooms in total which are separated from the living area and are very quiet. 
The two ensuite bedrooms with complete shower and toilets and one shower/toilet to share with 2 other bedrooms.
Next to the kitchen is a store room. There is an outside patio for alfresco dining plus a play area in the garden with a table tennis table and a bar area to chill out.
The property comes with a private plunge pool.

In the garden area is a store room and a water reservoir. The garden is easy to maintain with easy to care matured plants.
The property is sold as is including the furniture, fixtures, decorations and all inventory that can be used for holiday rentals.

Just opposite the villa is a mini market and restaurant. About 700m away is Mercadona and the town of La Cala de Mijas is about 900m a few mins walk as well as to the beach.
Location is quiet. It is well connected to the A-7 to Marbella or Malaga and Fuengirola. About 25 mins drive each way to Marbella centre and Malaga airport and about 10 Mins drive to Fuengirola.

The property has the non infraccion certificate, tourist license and is perfect as an investment for holiday rentals, holiday home or as a permanent home.

A VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!


Detached Villa, La Cala de Mijas, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, internal floor 231sqm, total built 328 m², Garden/Plot 510 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools.
Orientation : South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Near Transport, Private Terrace, Satellite TV, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Wood Flooring, Access for people with reduced mobility, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Near Church, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Alarm System.
Parking : Open, Street, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
