We are excited to offer this beautiful immaculately kept large 2 bedroom penthouse located in the desirable La Hacienda community in Mijas Golf. 

This stunning property is key ready and offered fully furnished.. 

The penthouse boasts a 105 m2 wrap around panoramic terrace with North, East and South orientations with golf, campo, pool and garden views. The terrace is simply perfect for any sun lover, entertaining or dining and is exclusively private. 

The main entrance leads to the beautiful fully fitted kitchen with inter grated double oven, microwave, and Hob.. accompanied by white goods. An additional large utility houses washing facilities and extra storage space. 

Double doors lead into a stunning open plan lounge/dining room with patio doors either end.. both accessing a bar room and an additional small lounge/office area. Enclosed by glass curtains with access to the terrace. 

Off the lounge you will find the guest bathroom with beautiful marble finishings, shower, sink & w/c. 

The master bedroom is fit for a queen with double patio doors leading on the the south side of the terrace, two large double wardrobes in a dressing room area leading onto the en suite comprising of a shower, sink and w/c again finished beautifully in marble. 

The guest bedroom has double doors leading onto the North side of the terrace with golf views and a large double Inter grated wardrobe. 

The property benefits from inter grated air conditioning/ heat throughout with additional air conditioning in the lounge area. 

The community boasts 2 large pools, 2 small
Pools, basketball, tennis, paddle, table tennis, immaculately kept lush gardens and is conveniently located just 10 minutes from La Cala or 8 minutes from Fuengirola. 30 minutes from Malaga airport. All amenities are a stone throw away such as schools, shops, garden centres, supermarkets and immediately next door is Parque El Esparragal.. famous for bbq's

The property benefits from mains gas, a large trasero storage room and garage parking. 

This property is truly beautiful and will sell quick, perfect for a home, investment or holiday home.