This classic B&B or stylish Cortijo for private residence, in a breathtaking location, is now available for sale!
In the beautiful surroundings of El Chorro (Alora, Malaga), we offer this special, classic B&B. An insane location in the mountains with lots of peace and quiet, beautiful nature and overwhelming views! A valued location for yourself and certainly for your B&B guests. The property is situated on a plot of approximately 30,000 m2. 
This old atmospheric Cortijo, a short distance from the touristy El Chorro, is situated in an elevated position with an easily accessible (partly unpaved) road. El Chorro and the surrounding area is known for the spectacular hike "El Caminito del Rey" and the area is loved by hikers, mountaineers, birdwatchers, cyclists and peace seekers. The distance to Malaga and the international airport is about 55 minutes via a beautiful road. El Chorro also has direct bus and train links to Malaga, the airport and several coastal towns.
This Cortijo exudes a lot of history and atmosphere and has been modernised in recent years by the current owner.  The property is comfortably and tastefully furnished and is in good condition.
Arriving at the property via a good country road, one immediately notices its beautiful location. On one side you have breathtaking views, on the other a high impressive mountain. The land is mostly flat and the Cortijo is surrounded by the beautiful swimming pool, horse stables and riding stables. The flat terrain is excellent for the placement of alternative accommodation, such as a Tiny house or Yurt, for example. 
Entering the property, the first thing you notice is the patio with a large mature orange tree and several palm trees in the middle. From this patio there is access to the three guest rooms and the shared living room and kitchen. 
The guest rooms are spacious and comfortable and all three have a private entrance. Through the patio we enter the living room with fireplace and, adjacent, the luxury kitchen equipped with all necessary built-in appliances.
From the kitchen there is access to the owners' private area. There is a spacious utility room with storage and washing machine, a characteristic bathroom, spacious bedroom and living area.
On this side of this special property is a large covered terrace overlooking the garden. 
The pool is a lovely place to relax and enjoy the beautiful views and spectacular sunsets It measures 5.5 x 10 metres with a large wide staircase to enter the water.  The property blends perfectly with the surrounding nature. It is in good condition and there is a nice terrace with comfortable loungers. 
The land is relatively flat and there is a licence (OCA) to keep 5 horses. The horses have a beautiful stable. There are two spacious sandboxes to ride the horses. Of course, you can go on great tours from this location! Solar panels have been installed on this horse stable.
The asking price includes inventory of the B&B rooms, garden furniture, website and current bookings.
A beautiful property offered in first-class condition.
Water, electricity and internet are connected.
