THERE IS NO OTHER WAY TO DO IT: GET TO KNOW IT, FALL IN LOVE, AND ENJOY IT.

If I tell you that I know the perfect place to be happy, I'm not exaggerating. One day, I received an invitation to have lunch at this villa, and it was normal for me to pass by it without knowing what was so special about it, other than its beautiful exterior. It's like when you see someone attractive. You look and continue on your way, but everything changes when you enter and encounter the majesty of its interior. It's not only beautiful on the outside, but also on the inside, and you can feel the energy of a harmonious home decorated and inhabited with a lot of love. The entrance hall is a great welcome. The first thing you see is its double-height ceiling, beautiful lamps, and furniture. To your left, you see the corridor with 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms (the master bedroom is a suite with all the comforts, plenty of light, and a private exit to the gardens and the pool. You have to see it to understand it). Now, you look to your right and see a dining room with floor-to-ceiling windows, vertical blinds in case you want to avoid the wonderful sunlight that fills every corner, and the entrance to a huge terrace with beautiful views of the Mediterranean and the mountains. It has summer furniture, a barbecue, and is partially covered with beautiful wooden ceilings so you can enjoy the sun or shade. On this level, you also find a light-filled living room, with direct access to the terrace; it's wonderful to watch TV here with the family, and a fully equipped kitchen with high-end appliances. Two refrigerators, ovens, ceramic hob, etc., laundry area with access to the garden, and custom-made kitchen furniture. From the entrance, you can also see a staircase that goes down; it takes you to the first level where you are supposed to find the pool and not much more, but when you get downstairs, you find what could perfectly be another house. Two bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, a game room with a pool table (which could be another bedroom), a gym area, sauna... and if you keep walking, you will find a space full of light and life with a view of the pool and the beautiful gardens. Here you will find another living room, another dining room, and another marvelous kitchen. Floor-to-ceiling windows and an independent entrance. Two houses in one? I thought: "If this house were mine, I would have enough space for family and friends in summer or Christmas, in an area with a completely independent entrance. It sounds great to enjoy their company without losing my privacy." I imagined my whole family together in the pool, the windows open to enjoy the sun and breeze, taking whatever I wanted from the kitchen to bring it to the kids... I won't even tell you how beautiful the pool area and gardens are. This is one of those properties where any image I show you won't do it justice. It's better for you to come and see it and convince yourself that there is no other way but to adore it. Contact me to tour the home of your dreams.
