SERIOUS OFFERS ARE BEING HEARD.

Authentic and unique, with wonderful views of the sea. The property that has been redesigned by its owners to be enjoyed in each of its spaces. With open and connected areas to capture all its light, direct them towards the sea views and be respectful of the charm of its Andalusian architecture.

Parcel. It is surrounded by bougainvillea, cypresses, palm trees and a robust olive tree, among other trees, giving even more warmth, intimacy and charm to this fabulous family villa. It is 660 meters. It has pedestrian access and an automatic sliding gate. It has a large covered parking area, as well as open space: in total there is room to park more than 4 vehicles. The pool with sea views and the terraces around it, the walks and staircases on different levels dress the villa with its own charm. It also has a machine room in the semi-basement, next to the pool, and an outdoor toilet to use during the summer. The House. The villa has two levels.
On the ground floor is the hall, a small living room, a full bathroom, the kitchen-dining room and the covered terrace. All rooms have sea views.
You access a distributor hall. To the left is a spiral staircase that takes us to the second floor; In front there is an attic storage room; and to the right, the living room, full bathroom, laundry room, and to the south, the kitchen-dining room with access to the terrace. All environments completely oriented to capture the colors of the sea, and privileged views. The kitchen has an office, and an annex currently used as a sunken playroom, with natural stone from the mountain visible. The appliances are high-end, the furniture is German, the unpolished black granite countertop, and a peninsula with induction hobs, one of them for Wok, two hanging steel extractor hoods, and the built-in coffee maker.
On the upper floor there are three double bedrooms, a reading room, a full bathroom, a living room with a fireplace and an open-air terrace with a small built-in barbecue. Both the double bedroom, the reading room, the living room and the terrace enjoy incredible views of the entire bay.

Qualities. All the enclosures of the property are armored, in anthracite gray. Some windows incorporate the installation of automatic motorized blinds from the company Bandalux.
The floors in the living rooms and bedrooms are made of natural wood; Those in the entrance hall, kitchen, bathrooms and spiral staircase have authentic hydraulic tile floors.
There are recessed lights in all ceilings.
Heating is by electric radiators. There are split-type air conditioning units, with low consumption. And solar panels to provide hot water to the property.

The strategically located villa has very easy access to the main roads. 5 minutes from the highway and Benalmádena Pueblo and all its shops and services, 10 minutes from Torrequebrada and its famous restaurants, 7 minutes from the Golf course, 16 minutes from Malaga airport and 23 minutes from Malaga Capital or Marbella .

