This is a stunning and beautifully presented three bedroom penthouse located in the luxurious La Herencia development in Doña Julia, Casares.  This penthouse is very private and the lift leads straight up to your own private terrace.  The outdoor space is a real highlight with both covered and uncovered terrace and stunning mountain and sea views.

The apartment is built to top quality specifications including air conditioning, fully equipped kitchen, fitted and lined wardrobes, jacuzzi bath and walk in shower and your own private lift entrance. But, the best part of this apartment is the amazing panoramic views of the Casares mountains, countryside and lateral sea views.  The sunsets are spectacular of an evening! The property includes two underground parkings  and a storage room within the price. 

As you enter this property, to the left is a guest toilet, followed by a large fitted cupboard that is perfect for storage. 

Just past this, you enter the large, spacious and open- plan dining room and living room. What is special about the living room is that it is surrounded by floor-to-ceiling glass. From the living room, you can walk out onto the large wrap-around terrace. 

This terrace is the perfect place for dining al-fresco whilst watching the sunset over the vineyards of Manilva and over  to Gibraltar in the distance. From the dining room, there is also a Juliet balcony that looks out over the stunning blue Mediterranean Sea, which is less than a 10-minute drive away. 

The dining room leads into a very modern, fully fitted kitchen with high-quality  appliances.  You can go straight out from the kitchen to the terrace - a lovely space for al fresco dining and entertaining.

To reach the three bedrooms, you walk down the hall, that, on the right, has access to the uncovered portion of the terrace through sliding glass doors.  This makes a fabulous relax area.  Sit in the sun and read a good book whilst sipping a glass of wine.

The master bedroom is spacious and full of light, it has a private terrace, from where you can enjoy the lovely views. It has an ensuite bathroom that has a unique feature -the shower is semi-outdoor, still private, but has stunning views of the sea. This bathroom is also fitted with a jacuzzi bath. The two double, guest bedrooms share a bathroom. One of the guest bedrooms also has a small, private Juliette balcony and has stunning pool and sea views.

This penthouse is located in a charming urbanisation that has a large communal pool, a gym, as well as a padel tennis court. The property also has access to a large private storeroom and 2 underground parking spaces. It is conveniently located, at only a five-minute drive from Sabinillas town and Marina de la Duquesa with all its amenities It is so close to the Doña Julia golf course that you can see it from the terrace.  In addition to this, the property is close to the beautiful beaches and traditional white-washed villages of Casares and Manilva. 

Come View with Me!