MIDDLE FLOOR APARTMENT! One of the best apartments I have seen this year. And is sold as seen. Caserio de Calahonda is a relatively small gated community of 47 apartments in 3 blocks. Situated in the sought after area of Jardines de Calahonda, in lower Calahonda, adjacent to natural parkland. The atmosphere here is distinctly Spanish, with Moorish inspired architecture, pretty gardens, and a tranquil courtyard. This apartment enjoys access to a delightful pool. Offering peace of mind to families with young children, the pool is fenced and gated, and of particular benefit to guests with restricted mobility as it can be accessed via a non-slip ramp. Additionally, the apartment is bright and spacious, tastefully decorated and expensively furnished, the king sized master bedroom leads to a full ensuite bathroom the double room has its own shower room accross the hall. Both bedrooms have fitted wardrobes with plenty of shelving and hanging space. There is air conditioning/heating throughout. There is a fully fitted kitchen. There are two terraces, front and back with beautiful views to the garden, pool and park. This is the ideal investment, holiday home or family home. Location is mid way between Fuengirola and Marbella, 25 min from Malaga airport Calahonda is also a perfect base for sightseeing and for visiting many wonderful locations in Andalucia and Southern Spain. The Costa del Sol is a great choice for golf enthusiasts and the nearest courses are just minutes away from the apartment. The apartment is a great choice for those who choose to avoid driving as the beach and all local amenities are within walking distance, public transport is cheap and reliable and bus stops for Marbella and Fuengirola are within easy reach. This property really is a must see. Middle Floor Apartment, Calahonda, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 75 m², Terrace 14 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Private.
