Location, Location, absolute Location. Come and discover with us this hidden gem at the undisputed best residential area in Málaga. Joining absolute tranquility, discretion and surrounded by every amenity needed, El Limonar area is a consolidated residential zone in Málaga populated mostly by detached villas with garden and some small blocks with a few dwellings each and not too high. This arrangement provides the mentioned tranquility as well as a profusion of trees and greenery not seen at any other Malaga area. Schools, supermarkets, and more, can be easily found at the surroundings, entitling the premises as a proficient residential spot and at stroll from La Caleta beach!!!. Nestled in a 567sqm plot, this stately house comprises 236sqm built distributed on three floors. Entering the gates, located on one of the borough's main road, and despite that fact, the whole home and plot are still noiseless, one finds a path leading to the entrance of the house, an enchanting Toscana scented façade with a welcoming open air lounge area with table and chairs profiting the shade and temperature in the sunny and hot at times Málaga city. The premises themselves are in need of restoration, for one notices the age in windows and carpentry, but one also notices the superb hydraulic tiling, the ambient provided by the high ceilings (up to 2,85m high), the classy staircase twisting on herself to lead to a first floor where the rest of the bedrooms stand. On the ground floor, we find the hall at the main entrance leading to the main living room with two different stances, the kitchen, a proper dining room and a guest toilette. There is as well a room acting as office and a bedroom with bathroom en suite. On the upper floor, three bedrooms, plus a small cabinet acting as another bedroom, a bathroom and the main bedroom and the bathroom. Every room with windows and loads of light. Eventually, the basement, that due to the plot features is not underfloor but stands at the floor level, lower at this side of the property. Here we find three more rooms, with bathroom, guest toilette and utility room. In short, a property full of possibilities, with a gifted location and a granted investment both for the size and status of the dwelling.