For sale isolated detached villa in the heart of the Costa del Sol. These homes offer an exceptional lifestyle, combining elegance, comfort and advanced technology.
Surrounded by isolated single-family homes. It is designed with comfort and functionality in mind, with spacious rooms and kitchen perfectly matched with spacious living rooms and generous terraces.
The plot has 507 m² and 227 m² built.
Very close to Fuengirola, every detail has been carefully considered to guarantee the highest quality of life. The home has state-of-the-art home automation systems, efficient air conditioning and a fully equipped kitchen, which reflect a modern and comfortable lifestyle. In addition, features such as aerothermal energy and low energy consumption highlight the commitment to sustainability and respect for the environment.
Distributed over 3 floors:
Basement for garage that was completely covered in wood with built-in cabinets with large storage capacity, automatic door with new control.
The access doors to the home are securely armored with bulletproof glass.
4 bedrooms. The main one with an en-suite bathroom. 3 of them with an exterior balcony.
3 bathrooms
Living room with designer furniture with electric blinds, plasma TV and modular sofa.
Completely new and equipped kitchen with closed laundry room
2 covered terraces with gym.
2 Outdoor terraces 150 meters with bar and relaxation games area.
1 swimming pool with lainez sheet with heated Caribbean sand and with a custom awning to keep the heat surrounded by artificial grass of the maximum thickness.
Hot and cold equipment in all rooms
Video surveillance equipment throughout the home and interior and exterior alarm with movement perimeters throughout the exterior.
Installation of PHOTOVOLTAIC PANELS represents great savings in light consumption
Outdoor living is enjoyed to the fullest, thanks to private terraces and common areas designed for recreation and relaxation. The proximity to the best beaches on the Costa del Sol and the ease of access to services such as shopping centers, prestigious schools and international hospitals, make this location an ideal place to live.
This enclave, perfectly integrated into the vibrant city of Fuengirola, offers a modern and minimalist lifestyle, where quality, design and comfort come together to create an ideal home. Investing in a property here not only means acquiring a luxury home, but also being part of an exclusive and constantly growing community on the Costa del Sol.
Call us and we will inform you of everything without any type of commitment. We will be happy to help you in your choice!