Welcome to "La Morisca," a one of a kind sporting estate in the south of Spain

Situated in the scenic landscapes of Jimena de la Frontera and San Martin del Tesorillo, Cádiz, just a 20-minute drive from Sotogrande;, this one-of-a-kind property spans 363 hectares of picturesque pasture and woodland. 

Originally devoted to leisure; hosting large events, weddings, bullfighting, horse riding, hiking, and hunting; "La Morisca" boasts practical facilities for all types of outdoor enthusiasts and pure leisure, including a bullring with corrals and pens, a large country house, horse riding facilities, hunting premises, and two helicopter landing pads.

At the core of the estate stands a U-shaped Andalusian-style country house, covering an impressive 1,385 m² on a single floor. The farmhouse surrounds a paved courtyard and includes three separate dwellings, a chapel, a wine cellar-lounge, kitchens, offices, storerooms, and two covered porches. All seven habitable spaces are equipped with air conditioning and fireplaces for comfort. Large covered terraces and gardens surround the property, offering stunning panoramic views into the valley and to the mountain.

In addition to the residential structures, the estate features practical agricultural buildings, notably a substantial 1,200 m² warehouse with two apartments. Two large water tanks, each with a 5,000 m3 capacity and electric water supply from solar panels and generators contribute to the estate's self-sufficiency, along with a freshwater lake covering more than 17,000 m².

Apart from its captivating outdoor charm and extensive land, every parcel within the estate is fully enclosed with hunting mesh, ensuring safety and security. The property features more than 40 kilometres of meticulously maintained internal dirt roads, facilitating convenient access to all areas.

A distinctive feature of "La Morisca" is the inclusion of a small game preserve named "San Miguel." The property accommodates 9 wooden sentry boxes, standing at about five metres, designed for both hunting and sightseeing the estate's wildlife (Such as a large variety of birds, deer, wild boar, and other species).

Regarding other uses for the farm land, it can be modified for cultivating avocados and other subtropical plants. And as for other purposes for the estate, it could be renovated into a boutique hotel with spa and sport facilities, a secluded retreat, or even transforming it into a private events venue.

This property stands as a pinnacle of luxury living in Andalusia, offering a retreat for those who appreciate nature while being only a 10-minute helicopter ride away from Marbella and its surrounding.

Please contact us for further information.
