This apartment is located in the prestigious area of Costalita, a few kilometers from Estepona. On the beachfront, this apartment offers views and direct access to the beach. Located in one of the best urbanizations in the area, Mediterranean style and built with the best qualities.

The apartment has a constructed area of 115m² and a pleasant 27m² terrace, where you can enjoy the Mediterranean climate and views of the perfectly maintained semi-tropical garden. The interior of the apartment is elegantly decorated and has marble floors and air conditioning in all rooms.

The living room is very spacious and bright, it has direct access to the pleasant terrace that offers great views of the tropical gardens and the pool. The kitchen is fully equipped with modern appliances, offers everything you need to prepare delicious meals, as well as having a separate laundry room. The master bedroom is en suite, with spacious built-in wardrobes and facing south, it has direct access to the terrace. The other two bedrooms, also en-suite, face northwest, with mountain views.
In the outdoor areas, the pool is surrounded by the beautiful, tall palm trees that make up the gardens of the exclusive community, a private beach bar, with drinks and tapas service during the summer months, and a gym with machines. The property also provides a garage and storage room with easy access from the apartment.

Regarding the location, you couldn't ask for more, five minutes from Estepona, Guadalmina or Puerto Banús. Close to all the necessary services, such as shops, restaurants, golf courses, prestigious bilingual schools, hospital, etc. Without forgetting that it is located next to the exclusive Villa Padierna Raquet Club, with tennis courts, paddle tennis, fitness, kids club, pet hotel and grill restaurant. The closest beaches are long and white sand with open views to Africa, just a stone's throw from the best beach bars such as the Villa Padierna Beach Restaurant or the well-known Pepe's Beach.

It is a great investment opportunity to acquire an apartment on the beachfront due to its high rental demand, or as a second residence where you can spend unforgettable vacations.