A fantastic opportunity for a spacious Balcones de Manilva townhouse in a peaceful hillside urbanization with beautiful sea and mountain views. The property is found on the edge of the charming village of Manilva.

Balcones de Manilva is small, gated community made of just 16 houses and a lovely swimming pool area with stunning views to the sea.

The property itself is beautifully presented and has been lovingly maintained by the current owners. Recent renovations include a super modern fitted kitchen and independent utility room.

The property is designed over 3 levels and comprises of a covered private parking bay. The entrance leads to a large bright lounge with a formal dining area and a fireplace. Patio doors open onto a secluded terrace with lovely views to the mountains. This is an ideal area for the Mediterranean lifestyle and al fresco entertaining. The kitchen is bright and tastefully modernized throughout and has a pleasant sea view. The ground floor is completed with an independent utility room. The first floor includes a master bedroom with fitted wardrobes, a full en suite bathroom and a large sunny, south facing terrace with sea views. The first floor also has 2 further generous double bedrooms, each with fitted wardrobes and one with a Juliette balcony. There is also a large main bathroom on this floor. Upstairs to the top floor with a great office area, tv room or even 4th Bedroom. This room has access to a sunny south facing terrace with beautiful sea views. Its a great spot to relax and take in the sunshine and admire the views. There is also a second more secluded terrace with views to the Sierra Bermeja Mountains.

The Andalucian white village of Manilva is renowned for its vineyards and wine festivals. The village boasts a fabulous church, plenty of shops, tapas bars and pharmacy. A quieter village, that jumps to life for the fairs and festivals. Furthermore, the village also boasts a sports leisure center facility and schools.

A 5 minute drive takes you to the busy coastal village of Sabinillas and the picturesque marina at La Duquesa. 



A rare opportunity for a lovely townhouse in the quiet hillside location of Balcones de Manilva. The low running costs make this a great permanent residence or holiday home and viewing is recommended.