Discover this beautiful home set in the heart of the award wining village of La Heredia, Benahavís. This 4 bedroom property benefits from an elevated position within the village with views of the sea, village, golf, Gibraltar and Africa.

On the entrance level, which is level 2, you take the stairs to level 1. Here you will find 3 bedrooms, all including their own bathroom and private balconies. On this floor, there is also a sauna for the ultimate luxury feeling.
The living room is located on the ground floor and equipped with plenty of windows for a light and airy feeling. There is a very spacious open plan living/dining and kitchen area, and also an extra bathroom and 2 storages/pantries.
The garden with private swimming pool offers a beautiful view over the sea, village and even Gibraltar and Africa. There is plenty of space for everybody. The garden is equipped with a dining table, loungeset, barbecue and sunbeds.

The property also offers a seperate studio next to the main building. This studio contains a bedroom, small kitchen, private bathroom and a balcony with an amazing seaview.

In the communal parking garage there is a parking spot for 1 car. There is also a storage for bikes.

The house features central heating and A/C, double glazing, and beautiful characteristics like the hand created tiles on the stairs, French balconies and beautiful wooden doors.

There is also a community pool available on the urbanization. The property is just a short walk from the bar, butchers and Panaderia.
The Urbanisation of La Heredia is popular with year round residents and holiday makers alike. In addition to the amenities offered in the community, there is 24 hour security in this gated urbanisation.

The beautiful Pueblo of La Heredia is just a few minutes drive to San Pedro, Benahavis, Puerto Banus and Marbella. It is an ideal location for discovering the many tourist delights of Andalucia, including Ski-ing in Sierra Nevada. There are numerous golf courses within a short drive, including Los Arqueros and La Quinta.
From the house you can reach Malaga or Gibraltar airports in 45 minutes via the autopista (AP7), making this a very accessible location.

A wonderful opportunity to acquire a home in the much sought after village of La Heredia with a combination of a beautiful big house with private pool.