We are delighted to introduce this fantastic 3 bedroom 3 bathroom elevated ground floor apartment in La Cala Golf Resort. This spacious and bright apartment has breathtaking open views to the golf courses and the mountains of Mijas. At the back of the property you have a spacious south facing garden maintained by the community but with private use to enjoy the afternoon sun. This truly immaculate property embodies the essence of luxury living, be it as a tranquil holiday home or permanent residence in one of the Costa del Sol's most beautiful, tranquil and serene locations: La Cala Golf Resort.
When you enter the apartment through a good seize hall, you are drawn into the spacious dining and living room. The large windows at the end frames the view and brings lots of light into the room. From the living area doors lead out to the large terrace from where you can truly appreciate the remarkable views. The spacious master bedroom with ample wardrobe space, a large dressing area, en-suite bathroom complete with shower; bath and double vanity unit has direct access to the main terrace, so you wake up to the magnificent views.
There are 2 further bedrooms each with an en-suite bathroom; one of them with access to a further private terrace and garden from where you can enjoy the afternoon and evening sun.
The spacious fully equipped  kitchen includes all appliances and has access to a bright and convenient utility/ laundry room from where you can enter the private used garden in the back.
Other features include central hot/cold air-conditioning, video entry phone, automatic shutters,  lift , a private garage space, and a  large storage room.
The gated community together with the 24h security in the resort, ensures your peace of mind.
Large pools and beautifully landscaped gardens offer a tranquil escape within this exclusive complex to enjoy the Spanish sun.
Situated just a 10-minute drive from the beach of La Cala where you have a promenade next to the see and lots of bars; supermarkets; the weekly market on Saturdays and Wednesdays and restaurants. 
La Cala Golf Resort offers both the serenity of nature and the convenience of nearby amenities, including three 18 hole championship golf courses, restaurants, a golf club, and a beautiful hotel with extraordinary Spa.
Don't miss the chance to make this extraordinary apartment your new home —a place where luxury, tranquility, and unmatched views converge.
!!!!The property is sold with all the beautiful high quality modern furniture, so it is ready to move into!!!!
Show Less