VIRTUAL TOUR AND FLOOR PLANS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. Please contact us for more information.

We present this magnificent townhouse in Estepona, located next to the golf course on the beautiful Costa del Sol. This property offers an ample and bright space to enjoy the Mediterranean lifestyle.

The house consists of 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, with a large terrace with breathtaking panoramic sea and mountain views, including the majestic Sierra Blanca. Perfectly southeast and south facing, this house offers magnificent sun exposure all day long.

In excellent condition and finished to a high standard, this home boasts luxury features including fitted wardrobes, marble floors, Jacuzzi and air conditioning. Underfloor heating on bathrooms. Fully fitted kitchen.

The urbanisation offers a communal swimming pool and a children's pool, as well as well maintained and easy to maintain gardens. Furthermore, it has a gated community, intercom and 24-hour security.

With underground parking and private garage, this property offers convenience and security for its residents. Its location close to town, schools, transport and amenities makes this townhouse an attractive investment for both living and holidaying on the Costa del Sol.


Townhouse, Estepona, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 176 m², Terrace 13 m².

Setting : Country, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East, South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace, U/F/H Bathrooms.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Country, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Courtyard.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Jacuzzi, Double Glazing, 24 Hour Reception, Basement.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Bargain, Cheap, Golf, Investment, Luxury, Resale, Contemporary.
