This charming villa is located in the exclusive Urbanization at San Pedro de Alcántara , within walking distance of the prestigious Guadalmina Golf Club and only 3 km from the beautiful beaches in the area. With a captivating Andalusian style and Provençal décor, this property is presented in immaculate condition, reflecting exceptional care.

Villa Blanca, is distributed over two floors. Upon entering through the main entrance, you enter a spacious living room with comfortable sofas and armchairs, followed by an elegant dining area with seating for 8 people. The fully equipped kitchen features modern appliances and an open-concept design that integrates with a spacious living and dining area. In addition, on this floor there is a cosy double bedroom with an en-suite bathroom.

From the bright living room there is access to a generous covered terrace, furnished with stylish outdoor furniture and a large dining table to enjoy al fresco meals. There is also a gas barbecue. From here you can take in the breathtaking views of the surroundings, ranging from the sea to the mountains. A staircase leads from the terrace to the lush garden, where the swimming pool is located.

On the lower floor, at garden level, there are three large double bedrooms. One of them has an en-suite bathroom, while the other two share a bathroom. All bedrooms have direct access to the garden and pool.

The beautiful enclosed garden ensures complete privacy and offers an oasis of tranquillity. The swimming pool (11 x 4.5 m) features Roman steps and a refreshing outdoor shower. In addition, in the pool area there is a jacuzzi for 4 people, perfectly heated to enjoy during the autumn and winter. The garden is filled with lush Mediterranean vegetation, creating a serene setting ideal for strolling and relaxing.

The villa is equipped with air conditioning (hot/cold) in all rooms and offers wireless internet access. In addition, it has outdoor parking space for 4 cars.

This wonderful property is surrounded by 6 prestigious golf courses: Guadalmina, El Paraíso, Atalaya, Las Brisas, La Quinta and Aloha Golf Club.

Don't hesitate to visit this unique property; It is truly a delight that combines Andalusian elegance with modern conveniences."



