It is an impressive independent house-chalet completely renovated with very good quality materials, two steps from the sea beach and Villa Tropicana beach bar, which is divided into two independent homes, each with its own unique charm and exceptional amenities. Light floods the entire property through its large windows, creating an enviable atmosphere of enjoyment, this home is truly exceptional, combining contemporary comfort with a stunning environment. Ideal for two families and optional to create a small studio apart from these two homes, for visitors or vacation rentals. Our first home welcomes you with a main entrance that leads to two parking spaces, ideal for accommodating vehicles comfortably. Upon entering, a surprising and large glazed terrace awaits you from which you can enjoy a spectacular view of the sea. The living-dining room, the open kitchen, and the two bedrooms with terraces offer a cozy and bright atmosphere. In addition, it has a full bathroom. Going up to the first floor, you will find a space that can help you put a piece of furniture and enjoy reading or a table for a computer and use it as a small office, then you will discover the main room with a luxurious full bathroom, and a dressing room, which allows you to maintain order, we also have a large terrace that offers dream views of the sea, ideal for enjoying the sunset or relaxing outdoors or sunbathing. The second home has accessibility through the parking lot or a separate entrance from Outside, upon entering from the outside you find a storage room with good storage capacity, then you will find the main entrance of the house with a modern open kitchen and a spacious living room independent of the dining room. The main double bedroom has a built-in wardrobe and its own full bathroom, giving you an oasis of privacy and comfort. We also have a second spacious room and next to it another full bathroom, which provides double service for the room and guests. Also from the room we have access through a glass door, to a terrace and another full bathroom that provides service to the pool. . Two more rooms on the outside offering flexibility and space for guests or family, converting it into a studio or simply leaving it as is. The large open space surrounding these two properties is perfect for barbecues, playing games or simply relaxing outdoors, together to a private pool that invites you to cool off and enjoy the sun.
