Villa with 8000 m of plot, surrounded by olive trees. 45 minutes from Marbella, 25 minutes from Caminito del Rey, half an hour from Malaga and thirty minutes from the airport. Stop at the bus gate. This wonderful property has its own pool, with sun loungers and umbrellas where you can enjoy friends and family in the summer. Next to the crystal clear water we have an outdoor kitchen, with a barbecue sheltered by a built-in gazebo with space for quite a few diners. Outside the property offers us a parking area for twenty cars, so this place can be a wonderful investment. as summer rental or events. The house will not cease to amaze us with 240 meters of surface area divided into three floors and distributed as follows: The first one enters from the plot by going up some small stairs to a bright living room with fireplace, and then we find ourselves with a very adequate distribution that takes us to a large bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and then the kitchen with two windows to the outside that illuminate the entire room. Going down we find the basement with four bedrooms, one of them converted into a gym and another to store everything. the necessary equipment for a large house and of course a complete bathroom, but because it is on the ground floor it does not lack light, since all the rooms have windows to the garden. Finally, the attic upstairs gives us the warmth of a house. modern, modern country house full of careful details. Here we will find two double bedrooms, a small transition converted into an office and the full bathroom for the entire floor. This house built in 2007 is the reflection of tranquility, of the proximity to Malaga but without the hustle and bustle of the big city, connected with all the necessary services, it will not disappoint anyone who visits it, since the environment invites you to stay in it. We inform you that our agency fees are already included in the sale price, so you do not have to pay any type of expense for management or real estate advice. And that in compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of 11 October, it is reported that notary, registration, ITP and other expenses inherent to the sale are not included in the price. The information provided is indicative, is not binding and has no contractual value. The offer is subject to errors, price changes, availability and/or withdrawal from the market without prior notice. Said information may have undergone modifications that have not yet been incorporated. We suggest you contact the company to obtain the latest information and/or confirm the information presented here. We have experience and we have honesty. Professionals in Benalmádena.