Absolutely stunning three-bedroom townhouse located within the prestigious La Heredia Village in Benahavís. A true testament to timeless architecture and rich history dating back to its construction in 1986, this home seamlessly combines modern comfort with traditional elegance. Positioned at the end of a street, this southwest facing townhouse offers truly stunning panoramic views to the sea, Gibraltar and Northern Morocco. Upon entering the property, you find a meticulously designed interior boasting two generously sized bedrooms on the ground floor. Each room serves as a private retreat, basking in natural light. The master bedroom, complete with an en-suite bathroom, provides a serene escape, while the second bedroom offers versatility as a guest suite or dedicated workspace. The bathrooms, refurbished with neutral greys, strike a perfect balance between functionality and classic design, featuring tasteful accessories that enhance the timeless ambiance. Ascending to the first floor, the open living space is designed to maximise functionality and natural light flow. The living room has two balconies offering breathtaking views of the sea and Gibraltar, absolutely perfect for enjoying a morning coffee or evening cocktail! The open-plan kitchen, with its inviting eating bar, exudes modern charm while ensuring practicality for everyday living. The third bedroom is also on this level, which is currently used as a second dining room/conservatory, and leads to a large terrace facing south to southwest. A fully fitted bathroom which adjoins this space offers convenience and comfort for guests or additional family members.  Outside. the private terrace offers the most spectacular views towards Marbella, Puerto Banus, San Pedro, Gibraltar and north Africa, creating an intimate setting for al fresco dining or simply soaking in the sun! The community offers 24 hour security, two swimming pools (one of which is heated) and an onsite, restaurant, bakery, and a bar.  An absolute must view property in a truly stunning location.