Townhouse, Divided into 2 apartments.. 5 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 200 m².

Suitable for Rural Tourism very close to the Torcal Park.

Live in one and rent one out or rent both out.
Ideal for an extended family looking to share but have independent living.

In Hamlet of  La Joya close to Villanueva De La Concepcion, Antequera , Malaga
The house is located near Villanueva de la Concepcion  Antequera, in a small, very quiet village, called La Joya,
 located in an urban area, but it is practically living in the countryside, 
ideal for disconnecting from the city while being very close to it, about 15 minutes by car. from the city of Antequera and 50 minutes from Malaga city by car. 
The journey to the house is all on a paved road in good condition with very few curves and little traffic. 
The house is just a few steps away. bars, restaurants, pub, soccer, basketball and tennis sports courts, school, playground, Pharmacy, Health Center, ATM, Grocery stores .
 open fields where you can go hiking or let your dog loose to enjoy, 
The Property It is ready to move into. It does not require any reform. 
The distribution of the house is two apartments in one, 
 downstairs a complete apartment with a patio .
On the ground floor there is... Living room... Kitchen, laundry room... Pantry... Bathroom... 2 bedrooms and a large patio...
upstairs another complete apartment with a terrace.
On the upper floor there is a living room... Kitchen... Bathroom... Laundry terrace... 3 bedrooms, one of them with a dressing room.. 
Each floor has its own kitchen and laundry room... 
The entrances are independent and everything can be unified if desired into a single home,
there is always parking right in front of the house or a few seconds walk away. 
The house is semi-detached, it does not have land, if you have any questions, contact me."

Setting : Mountain Pueblo, Urbanisation.
Condition : Good.
Climate Control : Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, WiFi, Guest Apartment, Guest House, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Street.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
