Exquisite Andalusian 4 bed luxury villa with lots of personality for sale in El Madroñal, Benahavis

Villa Aratina embodies the essence of a serene retreat in the enchanting Andalusian countryside, exuding charm, character and individuality. It caters to those seeking a secure peaceful haven amidst the beauty of nature, while also desiring easy access to the conveniences of San Pedro, Puerto Banus and Marbella. Picture yourself waking up to breathtaking sunrise vistas over the sparkling Mediterranean sea, a daily spectacle that will captivate your senses all year long.

Immerse yourself in a life of opulence and tranquility, where the fragrant aromas of the surrounding forest and its diverse wildlife create a harmonious symphony for your enjoyment.

This Andalusian-style villa has been fully renovated using the latest high-quality materials and finishes. No detail has been overlooked to ensure a seamless blend of timeless charm and contemporary elegance.

INDOORS, Villa Aratina offers a convenient distribution over three levels. As you enter the villa, you will be greeted by a high ceiling hall and staircases that lead to the upper and lower floors. The entrance level also provides direct access to a cozy living room, a separate office, a guest toilet and a spacious and bright dining room that seamlessly blends with a state-of-the-art, fully equipped kitchen.

Step out onto the terrace from the living and dining rooms, and you will be greeted by the breathtaking sea views and inviting overview of the spacious pool area.

The upper floor of the villa features the master bedroom, complete with en-suite bathroom (with bathtub), shower, and a large walk-in closet, private terrace with amazing sea and nature views. On the lower floor, you will find two guest bedrooms each with their own en-suite bathroom, as well as an additional double bedroom with an independent bathroom. All bedrooms are equipped with fitted wardrobes and air conditioning for cooling and heating. To add to your comfort, the entire house features underfloor heating with separate controls in each area, allowing you to adjust the temperature to your liking.

The extensive OUTDOOR AREA of Villa Aratina is a true oasis, featuring a luxurious heated saltwater swimming pool, lined by a spacious solarium and a stunning covered chill-out area complete with outdoor kitchen, BBQ corner, dining area and bathroom.

The formal entrance of the villa features an automated metal gate, ample parking space for at least one large car, and a paved walkway leading to the entrance door and hall. Alternatively, enter through the second larger metal gate down the street, which opens into a spacious courtyard and enclosed garage / pool house. The courtyard provides parking for at least six cars.

Beneath the house is an extensive basement, presenting an exciting opportunity to convert into a gym, a games room, a wine cellar, or any other desired amenity.

Indulge in the ultimate Mediterranean lifestyle at Villa Aratina, where luxury meets character, tranquility and rural cosiness. Every detail is designed to provide you with an unparalleled experience of serene living with total comfort and the means to impress and entertain your guests.

To truly grasp the magnificence of this extraordinary residence, we highly recommend scheduling a visit.