This contemporary apartment is located in the beautiful Alcazaba Lagoon in Estepona. Situated on the hills of Estepona and Casares, this apartment offers breathtaking open views and is just a short distance from the sea/beach and golf courses. 

Of recent construction, the apartment boasts a spacious and bright living room with open plan kitchen with island and access to a cozy terrace perfect for relaxing or entertaining guests or just enjoy the stunning mountain and garden views. The floor to ceiling windows with glass sliding doors fill the room with light while the white minimalist style kichen with clean lines, modern appliances and plenty of storage space, emphasizes a gleaming and clutter-free environment.

The apartment has 2 comfortable bedrooms, each with fitted wardrobes and 2 bathrooms, one of which is ensuite. Both bathrooms are in excellent condition and feature glass screens and modern fixtures, one featuring a shower and the other one with a bath-tub.

In addition to its quality features, this apartment offers a range of community extras like indoor and outdoor gym, children playgrounds, sun decks, terraces and chill-out areas, a restaurant, and of course the opportunity to enjoy and practice kayak, paddle surf,  take a pedal boat ride or practice all kinds of beach sports in the golden sanded lagoon of this private community.

This apartment boasts one of the largest gardens in terms of square meters per apartment on the Costa del Sol. Its expansive and well-maintained garden is a rare find, making it incomparable to other complexes. The immense benefit lies in the pleasure and relaxation experienced while enjoying the space and the surrounding nature of the complex, whether it's strolling or resting by the lagoon-style pool, all set in the tranquility and beauty of the vast tropical garden. Additionally, the apartment features two terraces, perfect for basking in the sun at different times of the day

With its extensive amenities and prime location just next to Estepona Golf course, 5 minutes away from the beach and 10 minutes away from Estepona town this apartment is the perfect choice for those seeking a luxurious and comfortable lifestyle.