Great Penthouse in Casares del Sol.

This penthouse has a privileged location and stunning views of the sea.
It consists of 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, living room, dining room, completely renovated kitchen and terraces to enjoy the outside, the penthouse is located on the corner which makes it more peaceful as it has less noise from neighbors.
Upon entering, we find the welcome hall that connects with the kitchen, recently completely renovated and with high quality finishes.
The very spacious living room has everything you need to enjoy, has partial views of the sea and connects to the outdoor terrace.
The second bedroom has views to the west and has built-in wardrobes and air conditioning.
The second bathroom has a shower tray and window to the outside.
The main room is quite spacious, has an en-suite bathroom and is connected to the outdoor terrace through which the morning sun comes in, illuminating both rooms.

The semi-covered main terrace connects with the solarium of about 60m2, here we have impressive views of the sea and has a very large space to enjoy barbecues, and other activities... It has an outdoor shower already built so it is the perfect area to enjoy the sun and tranquility.

The private urbanization offers landscaped common areas and 3 community pools, ideal for cooling off on hot days.

The property also includes a garage and storage room, so you can store your belongings safely.
Short-term rentals can be made, making good profitability possible and reserving the dates on which it will be used by the owner.
It is located 10 minutes walk from the beach, less than 5 minutes by car we find golf courses such as Finca Cortesín, restaurants, beach and other services.

5 min by car from Sabinillas, 10 min by car from Estepona, 35 min from Puerto Banús, 1 hour from Malaga or Gibraltar Airport.

Penthouse, Casares Playa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 75 m², Terrace 60 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Central Heating.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Golf, Beach, Panoramic, Garden, Pool, Forest.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, WiFi, Gym, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing, 24 Hour Reception, Fiber Optic.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Resale.
