This gorgeous three-bedroom beachfront townhouse in Marina de Casares was designed by The Design House.  It has been fully remodeled to the highest standards and is beautifully furnished. The designers have given careful consideration to every little detail in the layout of the house, putting special emphasis on the lighting, custom drapes and blinds, air conditioning, modern, light-filled bathrooms, and all the creature comforts one could want.

The location of this house is unbeatable. It is only a stone&#039;s throw away from a blue flag beach in Casares Costa, on a well-established urbanisation with  communal gardens.  You can walk along the promenade, and in 5 minutes you will be in the town of Sabinillas with all its amenities and restaurants. You can walk all the way to Marina de La Duquesa and beyond, and along the way there are numerous beach restaurants and cafés.  This is a great route to cycle, too! 

The Casares road is also known for all its famous restaurants and 'ventas', and it is a 15-minute drive up to the whitewashed magical village of Casares.  It is also home to the prestigious Finca Cortesin Resort.  The town of Estepona is only 10 minutes away.  You are really spoilt for choice surrounded by some of the best restaurants, golf courses, and beaches.

As you enter, you come to the most superb open-plan living area with a state of the art, modern kitchen with top appliances and breakfast bar.   The second floor has three good sized bedrooms and two bathrooms.  The main bedroom is ensuite.

There is a rooftop solarium with amazing views of the sea and mountains, a BBQ area, and a relaxation space. This is a great spot to sit and enjoy the sun, sip champagne, and look out ot the sea.

Only a few steps away from the fabulous Costa del Sol beaches, with a private access gate to the beach.  The beaches are unspoilt and breathtaking.  If you truly want to relax and make the most of the Mediterranean lifestyle, this is for you. You can eat, drink, go to the beach without having to drive. Everything is within walking distance

An opportunity not to be missed!

Come View with Me!