This beautiful townhouse has been tastefully refurbished throughout, offering modern amenities whilst still retaining many traditional Andalusian features. The property is distributed over three floors. You enter though the main entrance into a lovely living area, semi open plan into a fully fitted kitchen with Belfast sink and modern Andalusian splashback tiles. There is a small breakfast area and storage for all your amenities. On this floor you will also find a guest WC. On the first floor there is a large double bedroom with ample storage space with access to a newly refurbished shower room. On the second floor you will find another double bedroom with built in wardrobes. Furthermore, there is a roof terrace with stunning views of the town including Monda Castle. 

The property was fully refurbished in 2016 and has had very little wear and tear. Boasting double glazing, air conditioning on all floors, wooden flooring, new bathroom and kitchen, neutral décor and an abundance of light; this property is perfectly situated for easy access to all the facilities Monda has to offer. Another benefit of this property is that it´s less than a 30-minute drive to Marbella and the coast. 

For further information, please contact one of our sales team.

ABOUT MONDA

 Monda is a vibrant small town in the mountains just inland from the Costa del Sol.

Situated past Ojén, it lies in a valley at 365m above sea level and has a population of less than 2,000. It is well-linked by road with Marbella, just 15km away, as well as Coin and Cartama (for Malaga). Thanks to development on the nearby coast over the last few decades, the town has enjoyed new prosperity. It also hosts the famous Marbella Design Academy.

The village&#039;s dominant feature, which stands out for miles around, is the large stone building which stands atop the tree-covered hill above the village. Although this resembles a fortification, it is in fact a superbly-located and traditionally-styled modern hotel, Castillo de Monda, built on the site of the Moorish Castillo de Al-Mundat. 

The town was originally occupied by an Ibero-Roman fortified enclosure established in the 3rd to 1st Centuries BC by the Romans. This was to protect the indigenous Iberian population and to defend the road leading to the more important town of Coín.





The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.