THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED 

A must-see, stunning, semi-detached, end of terrace corner property in a desirable location within the highly sought after, Alhaurin Golf community.  This lovely, well maintained, and presented double fronted property provides extensive accommodation with an opportunity to extend, as required.   We believe this to be a one of one property, available immediately and offering fantastic value. 

In short, we have three bedrooms, two and a half bathrooms, a generous kitchen surrounded by an open plan, large dining room and separate, sizeable lounge. The latter opening directly to the south / southwest facing garden supporting sunbathing and alfresco dining. 

This semi-detached is in arguably a sought-after location and provides everything you could wish for.  Looking attractive and feeling both personal and secure.  The whole property is very private, the garden is a sanctuary and bathed in sun from early morning until end of day. There is allocated parking.

The property itself feels far larger than its size, is light, airy and provides a myriad of fantastic mountain and national park views.  All bedrooms are of a good size as are the kitchen, the lounge and dining room feeling rather spacious and with an open plan feel.  The primary suite is large and has good storage, as is the case for the other two bedrooms.  Both full bathrooms are well sized, offer window views and are fully equipped.  

There is a good-sized powder room to the ground floor, plentiful under stair storage and an internal atrium joining dining room with kitchen.  The atrium serves as an off-kitchen dining area and in addition houses the boiler and washing machine. 

The opportunity to extend into the atrium, both above and below is a straightforward and simple affair and would extend the property by a further 20+ square meters at minimal cost.  Undertaking such work would yield an extended kitchen to dining room and provide a fourth bedroom or separate office accessed by the landing (floor).  

The property has been the pride and joy of the current and sole owners since purchase off plan.  It is well cared for, presents well and is move in ready.  The opportunity to improve or leave as is will appeal to a wide range of buyers looking for an investment, short- or long-term rental income, as a lock-up and leave holiday home or for permanent living.    

Alhaurin Golf is well placed for Mijas, La Cala, Fuengirola, Malaga Airport, Marbella and beyond. There are several beaches and golf courses within a 20-minute drive and an extensive number of restaurants in the local vicinity.  Alhaurin Golf itself was designed by Severiano Ballesteros and is deemed a true test of a golf.   

We recommend a visit to the property to take in the space, privacy and value afforded by this one of one home.  The property is sold unfurnished.   

