Meticulously refurbished townhouse is much more than just a home; it is a sanctuary of serenity and comfort. 

Welcome to the home of your dreams in the picturesque urbanisation of "La Villa" in La Alcaidesa! Imagine waking up every morning to the warm embrace of the sun and the gentle whisper of the Mediterranean Sea caressing your senses.

From the moment you enter the property, you will be greeted by an aura of hospitality thanks to a combination of perfectly chosen materials. 

The ground floor welcomes you with a fully equipped open-plan wooden kitchen that integrates perfectly with the spacious living-dining room creating the perfect setting for moments of connection and joy with family and friends. The cosy PELLETS fireplace invites you to relax while producing enough heat to warm the entire floor. This floor also has a cosy bedroom and a guest toilet offering comfort and privacy.

Already outdoors, a spectacular garden awaits you. This green oasis is the ideal setting for family gatherings and barbecues with friends, a place where every day becomes a celebration of life. The charming porch invites you to enjoy a morning coffee while contemplating the beauty of your surroundings.

As we go up to the first floor, we find a large hallway. In the master bedroom you will enjoy the confort of having your own ensuite bathroom and there is access to a private terrace with stunning sea views, this space provides a tranquil escape where you can unwind and . Two additional bedrooms offer more than enough space for family or guests, while the full bathroom with bathtub adds extra comfort.

The house is also equipped with all the modern comforts you could wish for, including air conditioning, as every detail has been taken care of to ensure your happiness.

And that's not all; as a resident of the "La Villa" development, you will have exclusive access to a sparkling communal swimming pool with stunning views of the sea and the Alcaidesa lighthouse. With its own private parking, you will enjoy maximum comfort and security at all times in Alcaidesa.

But this house is not just a place to live; it is a way of life. With a privileged location just minutes from Alcaidesa beach and prestigious golf courses such as Alcaidesa Golf and La Hacienda Links Golf Resort, you'll have everything you need to live the life you've always dreamed of. And with Sotogrande and Gibraltar just a short drive away, you'll have access to a wide range of amenities and entertainment to satisfy your every desire.

In short, this house is not just a home; it is a promise of happiness, adventure and tranquility. Come and discover the charm of life in "La Villa" today!

Approximate measurements of the outdoor spaces in m2
garden 25
porch 20
terrace 8
front parking 35


In compliance with the Decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218/2005 of the 11th of October, we inform the client that the Property Transfer Tax, Notary and Registry fees are not included in the price. The real estate brokerage fees are included in the price. Offer subject to errors, price changes or any other modification without prior notice.
