PRIME LOCATION & UNOBSTRUCTED VIEWS! This remodelled, renovated uniquely designed
villa with guest apartment, lift and panoramic sea views is located in the heart of Nueva Andalucia Marbella in close proximity to all amenities. 

The villa consists of 4 floors with lift. Upon entering, on the main floor, you will find a spacious
living/dining area with a fireplace and high windows revealing the jaw dropping views of the city
and sea! A fully fitted open plan kitchen is equipped with Siemens and Nass appliances and
much storage space. There is an additional guest bedroom with an en-suite bathroom as well as
a laundry area located on that floor. From here you have direct access to the open and covered
terraces, pool, and BBQ area.
Other two bedrooms (including the master) with en-suite bathrooms and fitted wardrobes are
located on the first floor. Both have direct access to the roof terrace.
On the lower level you will find a guest apartment with a separate entrance as well as an
additional storage room and a garage for 2 cars.
This villa offers a luxury style of living with its smart home system, lift, underfloor heating &
cooling throughout the entire property generated by the solar panels.
About the location:

Nueva Andalucia is a newly built area and the largest neighborhood in Marbella.
It's an extensive residential zone with luxurious villas and apartments placed among charming
gardens, commercial centers, and a vast range of restaurants. The perfect area for golfers as it
is surrounded by 5 Golf large Courses. Due to the elevation, Nueva Andalucia is privileged with
spectacular sea and mountain views. Only a 5' drive away from the nightlife center – Puerto
Banus – yet far enough to enjoy the peaceful atmosphere.
Check out the property video here --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8m_NFHNkZ0
Interested? Contact us for more information and visits!
Ask us about our services: airport transfers, hotel reservations, tax identification number
applications, opening bank accounts, as well as recommendations for lawyers, tax advisors,
residence management, and Golden Visa applications.