LOCATION SEAVIEWS & CONCHA VIEWS TOPFLOOR DUPLEX APARTMENT MARBELLA CENTRE ! NEXT TO THE BEACH, SERVICES  & AMENITIES !

Views ! Views ! Views from every room ! Panoramic views from terrace, sea & Concha lateral views.
Cross the road and you are already at the beach - playa Cable & Banana beach, the marina and the promenade
This top floor 9th floor duplex apartment is ready to move in - perfect condition !
The complex is well maintained building and surroundings
The kitchen and one of the bathrooms have been renovated.
There are 3 bedrooms on the 2nd level one of which is an ensuite and one other complete bath
On the main floor is a guest toilet, living cum dining and an independent kitchen.
The living room access the terrace size 10sqm
This complex has a community pool & garden

There is a cafe at the entrance of the building. Mercadona is a step away. A clinic in front plus shops, restaurants, amenities and all a step away. Quiron hospital just across the road
A children playground in front of the complex
All in all conveniently located !

Perfect as a holiday home, rental investment property or a permanent home 

Included in the price of the apartment is an underground garage. The apartment comes fully furnished except the owner's bed and 2 chairs.

PS. The location is a commercial setting, so there is traffic sound from below when on the terrace and when the windows are opened on the main floor 
The upstairs bedrooms are all double windows and sound proof. No AC in 2 of the bedrooms

A VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!

Top Floor Apartment, Marbella, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 109 m², Terrace 10 m².

Setting : Town, Commercial Area, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Marina, Close To Marina.
Orientation : East, South East, South, South West, West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Beach, Urban, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone, 24 Hour Security.
Parking : Underground, Garage, Covered, Private.
Category : Holiday Homes, Investment, Resale.
