Fantastic luxury villa with 5 bedrooms in the west Málaga area.
This fabulous villa is situated between Malaga and Torremolinos, close to the marvelous beaches of Playamar and Los Alamos, and all the services and beauty that this area offers.
Built in 2017 on a plot of almost 1,000 m2 on a dead-end street overlooking the sea and mountains, it offers complete privacy.
On the entrance floor, you will find a beautiful open kitchen with views of the pool and outdoor area. Adjacent to the kitchen is a garden and patio with an outdoor kitchen and ample space around the large dining table, perfect for year-round enjoyment due to the glass doors that can be opened and closed as needed. The spacious living room with dining area and large windows facing the garden is also located on this floor. Additionally, there are three bedrooms, each with its own bathroom, on the ground floor. The villa also features a large garage with room for two cars and direct access to the house without any stairs, which is very convenient for bringing in groceries.
Upstairs, there are two more bedrooms and two bathrooms, as well as lovely terraces with panoramic views of the sea and mountains. The large basement floor boasts a gym, Finnish sauna, Turkish bath, massage/meditation room, ironing room, and playroom for children.
Furthermore, there is an independent apartment of 74 m2 with one bedroom, a spacious kitchen, and a living room, with its own entrance.
The villa boasts high-quality features, including 2 tanks of 4000 liters for drinking water and two for rainwater with filters, 2 independent pressure groups, solar panels, disqualification of all mains water, osmosis system in the drinking water, pre-installation for a lift, windows with electric blinds with integrated roll-up mosquito nets, safety cameras, and a complete alarm system.
With an amazing location just 5 minutes from the beach, airport, commercial area, and golf course, with all the best connections.
This property offers the great opportunity to become a profitable business such as tourist rental or bed & breakfast, or even as a residence for seniors, etc. 
Whether as your private residence, for vacation use, or as an investment business, this property represents a great opportunity.