This elegant home was built in 2012 by the current owners, who have added endless extra features throughout the house, such as marble flooring with underfloor heating, armored shutters behind floor to ceiling windows, which when opened hide away in to the walls, automatic lighting as you walk, and a lift to all levels of the property.

Entrance
You enter the grounds though double electric gates and proceed up the driveway to the main entrance of the house. On this level you have parking for at  least 6 cars and a further underground garage for 4 car in the basement, which you also access via the driveway. 

Main house level
On entering the house you have an impressive hallway with mezzanine looking down from the upper floor, to the left you have a guest w/c and further along you will find the kitchen, which is set back from the living space but still open plan so you can interact with guests in the living and dining areas. The kitchen features a large island taking centre stage of the room, all the appliances are top of the range with a NEFF hob, American style fridge freezer, porcelain sink and built in dishwasher. 

You can enter the living space from either the entrance hallway or the kitchen, both lead to a 71m2 living room, which is laid out in three parts. The dining area is situated in front of the kitchen, with the main living  and entertaining space in the center of the room.  The third part of the room, separated by a working gas fire feature place, is a quaint TV/snug area, a perfect place to put your feet up at the end of the day. The whole level looks on and leads to a 165m2 main terrace, elevated above the pool level, it is the perfect entertaining space to watch the sun go down over the mountains. 

First floor
As you walk up the staircase and on to the landing you enter the second bedroom with en-suite bathroom. On the same level sits the 42m2 master suite with a walk in wardrobe, en-suite bathroom and another large terrace. The bathroom is light and airy with his and her sinks, large sunken bath and walk in shower. The bedroom faces out to a 119m2 terrace, here you have views to the golf and mountain range including the famous La Concha at the back of the house. 

Lower level
As you walk down to the lower level of the house, to your left you will find the ultimate "man/woman cave" with a fully stocked bar, snooker table, cinema room and gymnasium. 

Passing the entertaining rooms and down the hallway, you enter a two bedroom, one bathroom self-contained apartment with fully fitted kitchen, wood burner fire and its own private entrance. You also have a  laundry room with fitted washer and dryer, additionally this space could easily manage a third bedroom. The apartment leads out to another large terrace and heated infinity pool with a stunning gazebo and built in BBQ, the edge of the pool looks over on to the garden below. 

This beautify designed  home has been carefully thought out and created with the highest efficiency  to reduce running costs using such features as solar panels, extra thick walls and a private well. The furniture can be included at an extra cost.