This impressive villa has open panoramic views located in a beautiful and sought-after area of Alhaurin El Grande (La Chichara). The property was designed, built by the present owners and completed in 2008. The vibrant town is within a three-minute drive to easy free parking or a 15 minute walk to the popular high street boasting various quality restaurants, bars and shops.
The villa is built on 3 levels with a huge basement (over 170 square meters) that is a blank canvas to convert into additional housing, garage, games room, gym or any combination of these and other uses. 
On the first floor, which is at ground level to the rear of the property, there is a spacious lounge/dining room with a wood burner and air conditioning/heating. Off the main lounge is a large, fully equipped kitchen, 3 double bedrooms, all with built-in storage and 2 bathrooms. Doors from the lounge, kitchen and one of the bedrooms lead to the rear garden/pergolas and pool area.
One of the main features of this property is the number of indoor and outdoor entertaining areas covering three sides of the property and providing sun or shade depending on the season and time of day. The upper floor contains a triple-aspect lounge/dining room opening onto a large wrap-around terrace with a pergola providing a lounge/dining area with stunning views. Off the upper lounge is the large master suite with a vaulted ceiling and three sets of built-in storage units. The en suite bathroom features a jacuzzi bath, double vanity unit, separate shower, toilet and bidet.
Outside, at the rear, there is a kitchen area, a large 5 x 3 meter built pergola with a tiled roof, a garden area with artificial grass, a fountain and 2 more pergolas next to the pool. The pool measures 5 meters by 9.8 meters up to the steps that take up 1.8 meters more. To the side is another terrace with planted borders, an orange tree, a lemon tree and a utility room with sink, washing machine, WC and shower. Steps take you to the lower level and driveway, where there are more planted areas, including 2 avocado trees. The driveway has parking space for multiple vehicles and is accessed via electric gates at the top of a Cul de sac serving only 6 properties.

Detached Villa, Alhaurín el Grande, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 440 m², Terrace 90 m², Garden/Plot 976 m².

Setting : Close To Town, Close To Forest.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C.
Views : Mountain, Country, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Barbeque, Double Glazing, Basement.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Parking : Open, More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Telephone, Solar water heating.
Category : Resale.
