Charming one of a kind, Bungalow feel house in one floor just 350 meters from the beach in Fuengirola.  It is a nicely decorated  house with a large terrace area (all tiled) with a 3x5m2 private dip pool.  Easy maintanance and just a total of 516 euros pr year in IBI, Com fees and Garbage. 
Nice and open views to the Mediteranian sea. The house is private as there are no insight.  In front is allready build so the view now you have forever.  
The house has a kind of open plan Scandinavian country kitchen with new appliances (1 year ago).  1 bathroom with shower and underfloor heating and one1 guest toiliet. 
Two bedrooms with wardrobes. The master bedroom has views to the sea. There is a good sized livingrooms with fantastic views toward the Mediteranien with a nice breakfast snuck. Utility room and storage outside the kitchen, partly under cover. Parts of the outdoor area behind the kitchen might easily be made in to another bedroom and or a shower room, and still have space for a utility room.  The house was built in 1960 but refurbished in 2014 and will be sold with everything you see except a couple of personal items. 
Even the kitchen and cubard contents are included. Great outdoor area under the covered pergola with fantastic views to be used both summer and winter.  
New roof was put on half of the house a cuple of years ago. The windows are double glased. 
So you just have to bring your suitcase and move in. 

There is a 4 star hotel and spa just down with access to the beach just a few minutes walk down. There is also a "Glamping area" and 5 Restaurants nearby within 5 min walk. 
Miramar shoppingcenter is just 10 minutes walk from the house.   The beach and the 8 km long beach pavement is only 7 minutes walk away.. with bars, restaurants and shops along the walk.  Fuengirola has clean an well maintained beaches.  In the back of the house you can go walking in the nature.
The airport is only 15-20 minutes away.  Marbella only 15 minutes away and you reach 10 golfcoursces just 5-10 minutes away.   
The neighbourhood is a mixture of spanish, english, scandinavians and germans.  Good to know is that there is no community fees in this urbanisation.  It is payed by the government and the yearly cost for the house is low.  
