SALE AGREED
Rare opportunity to buy an amazing, originally 3 bedroom with 3 bathrooms, 1st floor apartment in this award winning development. . It is currently used as a 2 bedroom apartment with the 3rd bedroom being a dining area, however, it is a very easy conversion with a stud wall to convert it back to a 3 bedroom if required. 

As you enter this 1st floor apartment, you are enveloped by light and space and an immediate sea view !t has a spacious hallway into the living room with wings to the left and right to the bedrooms and bathrooms. There are decorative alcoves and there is plenty of storage. 

The open plan living room currently is open into the dining area which would then be enclosed if it were to be converted to it´s original state as a 3rd bedroom. 

The apartment has a wonderful south facing terrace with breathtaking sea, pool,  golf and mountain views, with excellent space for al fresco dining and sun bathing. It has glass curtains which protects the terrace in the winter and allows all year use. 

The living room is very spacious, bright and airy, Walking back to the entrance hall you can turn to the right where there is a large bedroom with sea views and a large shower room with walk in shower, sink and vanity base, toilet and bidet. 

There is additional wardrobing outside of the bedroom. 

The kitchen is a good size and is on both sides of the room. It has blue pearl granite worktops and a breakfast bar on the opposite side. The kitchen leads to a good sized utility room with window.

Following the hallway there is a large double bedroom with terrace large enough for a table and 4 chairs. The bedroom has electric blinds and ample wardobing and an en suite with walk in shower, wash basin and vanity storage and toilet..

There is a storage cupboard that houses the boiler. 

Bathroom 3 has a bath, double wash hand basins and vanity storage, toilet and bidet. 

There is considerable wardrobing which would form part of the 3rd bedroom if it were to be reinstated. 

Cream marble flooring which is very complimentary with it´s surroundings, it also benefits from central air conditioning.

This exclusive development benefits from a very well run community, on site  restaurant and clubhouse, lake and 9 holes Greenlife golf course. There are  9 communal pools in this prestigious development, the closest of which can be seen from the terrace. It is a very trnaquil pool area overlooking gardens, coutryside and the sea. 

There is an underground parking space and storage room and plenty of guest parking outside the apartments.

It is 25 minutes walking distance to Elviria Commercial Centre and a further 5 minutes walking to the beach. This is a great value apartment !

In addition to the on site 9 hole golf course, there is an  18 Hole course at Santa Maria which is  less than 5 mins by car and an additional  4 courses within a 10 minute drive.

Elviria is a very popular area within East Marbella. It has abundant bars, restaurants, supermarkets, banks, farmacies, hairdressers and shops and is well known for its excellent sandy beaches and restaurants that sit right on the beach. All these reasons and only being just over 30 minutes away from Malaga airport, make it a very popular choice with all nationalities. 

THIS APARTMENT IS EXCELLENT VALUE AND HAS TO BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED !

