Bright Top Floor Apartment in one of the most beautiful communities in Mijas Golf! A spacious, light property with 2 terraces and fabulous views of the mountains, golf course and unique tropical gardens.

The apartment is a well located, First Line Golf! On the second floor (2 flights up, no lift), as you enter the property, you find the kitchen directly on the left, with access out to one of the terraces. This sunny terrace has a beautiful view of the pools and the association's gardens, from here you also have direct access from one of the bedrooms. Beside this bedroom there is a bathroom with shower.

The living room is open and spacious, and the light, grey, marble floor is a nice detail reflecting even more natural light around the home. From the living room you can enjoy a lovely green view across the famous Mijas golf course towards the mountains. This second terrace, with plenty of space for a dining table and BBQ is located with direct access from the living room as well as the second bedroom. Here, on this fantastic, private terrace you can breathe in the calm and harmonious environment and relax all year round, enjoying lots of fabulous sun hours; a definite benefit of being on the top floor. The master bedroom, with its lovely views has an ensuite bathroom and bathtub.

Furniture can be included in the purchase of the property; A STORAGE ROOM AND ONE PRIVATE GARAGE PLACE are also included. Street parking is available outside the complex if you have guests over. LPO in place.

Chosen specifically for its ideal location within the closed community of Mijas Golf, this is the first time this apartment is being offered for sale since it was bought off-plan in 1998. In the beautiful, tropical gardens below, you can enjoy relaxing on the lawn under the palm trees and 5 wonderful pools (one of them a kids' pool).

The apartment is extremely well situated within a quiet and peaceful area, with singing birds, nature and hiking trails all around. There are good communications to both the cosy centre of La Cala de Mijas and its fine sandy beach, only a 10 min drive away, as well as the vibrant town of Fuengirola.

Extremely close to public transport with buses taking you not just to the centre of Fuengirola in less than 10 mins, but other places too. A BBQ park perfect for picnics, restaurants, a paddle and tennis court, Mijas Golf course and a smaller grocery store where you can find fresh bread and other snacks are also all close by.

This home is perfect both as an investment, holiday accommodation or for those looking for a permanent home. WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND A VIEWING, contact us today!