A villa with a comprehensive renovation project for sale in the fantastic area of Nueva Andalucia. The villa will stand as a testament to contemporary architectural brilliance, sitting on a large plot of 800 square meters and with a generous living area of 465 square meters.

This house will have a unique character, with large, well-defined and flexible spaces. On the first floor there are common areas and four bedrooms, while the upper floor contains the more secluded spaces, including an en-suite bedroom. The essence of the residence is divided into multiple detached sections, all in perfect harmony. There is no distinction between indoors and outdoors, but rather a unified living environment.

This magnificent property features five bedrooms, four bathrooms, plus two guest toilets, a spacious open concept living room, dining room and a modern kitchen. It also features a private outdoor swimming pool, a terrace with stunning views of the Mediterranean Sea, a custom designed glazed and heated wine showcase, an energy efficient aerothermal air conditioning system, solar panels, underfloor heating throughout the property and parking for two vehicles.

The villa offers a unique opportunity to own a modern residence in a well-established residential area, conveniently located close to all essential services and located in the heart of one of the best neighborhoods in Marbella. It is within close proximity to the beach, Puerto Banus and the center of Marbella, making it an ideal place to live with easy access to major thoroughfares and a wide range of amenities including restaurants, beach clubs, luxury shopping malls, boutiques, tennis and golf clubs, and some of the best international schools on Marbella area.

Located in close proximity to the exclusive Puerto Banús complex and within walking distance to the famous marina of Puerto Banus, this exquisite project offers an incredibly convenient location for those seeking luxury living. This modern villa will seamlessly combine the best elements of contemporary architecture with the most cutting-edge technological advances.