This fabulous villa , located in the prestigious well renowned and south after urbanisation of El Chaparral is  close to the village of La Cala de mijas.  The villa is built on a plot of just over 1,000m2 and being a corner plot is nice and private.   Enter the villa with parking area for a few cars  a garage and car port. Walk  through the arch covered with buganvilla to the sound of  flowing water it the backrgound from the fountain and  enter the villa.   Your typical dream of a Spanish Hacienda sensation.    Into the hallways which leads on one side to the bedroom area, to the left into the kitchen  where from one of the windows you can see the light house at El Faro, or straight ahead through glass doors  into  the sitting/dining room area.  There is also access to the kitchen from the sitting room.  From the lounge area you can walk straight out to the large terrace which has partial sea views and overlooks the landscaped garden and pool area.  This area can also be accessed from the side of the house without any steps.  This terrace gives plenty of life to the house as ideal for dining "El Fresco" or have a "Chill Out" area.  Down by the pool or in the garden you can create several other areas to relax or dine in. There  is also  a little room by the pool  which could be used as an office, kitchen/bar and there is also an outside toilet .

Along the corridor from the entrance hall you have 4 bedrooms.  The master bedroom is large with an ensuite bathroom and dressing area, it also has access out to the terrace.  There are also 3 more double bedrooms and a 2nd bathroom.

From the villa you can walk down under the road to the beach at Chaparral  known as Wassa Beach which has a nice little snack bar open from Easter to October, a great gathering place in the summer to meet your local residents, you can also walk along the beach to La Cala de Mijas.  

El Chaparral also has a very nice 18 hole golf course and a beautiful Colonial style Club House which is open to the public.

This villa is ideal to live in all year round or use as a holiday home.  It is very close to numerous Golf Course, plenty of national and international schools in the area, walking distance to the beach, public transport and restaurants and the village of La Cala de Mijas and a Scubadiving centre.  The extension of the boardwalk is due to be built soon to  link up El Chaparral to la Cala and brings you down to Cabopino in Marbella.

Easy access to Malaga Airport, Fuengirola, Marbella and as close to the AP7 direct link to places such as Cordoba, Seville, Granada, Cadiz and many more places.

Come and have a look for yourself.  The ideal investment.



e.

