LOVELY SUNNY GROUNDFLOOR APARTMENT FOR SALE FOR PERFECT INVESTMENT with views to tropical garden.

Pleasant apartment with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms in good condition ready to move in.  Property has a fully fitted kitchen and two terraces. Has an access to the back terrace 10 m2 that gets the morning sun. Perfect for breakfast. 

Wardrobe in each bedroom, both bathrooms with bathtub. Furniture is included. 
Lounge- living room has access to another terrace of 15 m2 private sunny southwest facing terrace. 
Spacious parking space on the street inside the urbanization is included in the price.

Situated in the sought-after Casares Coast, this development is a mere 5-minute stroll to the beach, golf course, and the renowned Chiringuito "La Sal." The complex boasts 24-hour camera security, ensuring peace of mind for residents. Enjoy the communal pools, play area for children, and become part of a well-established community. Whether you seek a holiday retreat or a permanent residence, this property promises an exceptional lifestyle.

 5 minutes by car to La Duquesa and San Luis de Sabinillas, 15 minutes  Estepona, 15 minutes by car to Sotogrande, 20 minutes to Girbaltar, 1 hour drive to the Málaga airport or train station, and access to the rest of the Costa del Sol is easy thanks to the nearby highway.
Spacious garage space on the street is included in the price.

COME AND VISIT!!!

Ground Floor Apartment, Casares Playa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 104 m², Terrace 25 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, South West.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Pre Installed A/C.
Views : Mountain, Country, Garden, Street.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Disabled Access, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, Entry Phone.
Parking : Street, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Cheap, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Reduced, Resale.
