FOR SALE - SERRANIA DE RONDA. – A LITTLE PIECE OF PARADISE !

 Riverside Finca set in the most glorious countryside ! This property is conveniently situated approx 1.5klm from the pretty village of Cañada del Real Tesoro  ( Also known as Estacion de Cortes ) as there is a train station there.  The Finca has such a special feel about it.,the Guardiaro river borders the entire length of the property boundary , There are natural swimming pools' in the river  and even an area where one can walk straight into the river !  A genuine paradise teaming with bird and wild life and panoramic views are superb.
There is a large house on the plot, which  actually comprises of two semi detached properties that could easily be opened up into one large home . The current owners , used one part as their private home and used the other part for student accommodation.  The property has been run as a thia chi learning centre for the last two years .
Set in glorious countryside , with fabulous views , but not isolated . A 5 minute drive into the village of Estacion de Cortes ( where there is train station ) and 10 mins from Cortes de la Frontera . There are fabulous well signed walking routes all around the area.  The village provides local provisioning and there are 2 good restaurants there. 
This property would make a fabulous country home, but it does also have huge potential for anyone looking to run any sort of retreat/yoga centre or glamping business . The Finca has not had any artificial fertilizers used on it in more than 30 years . The fertile land combined with the already prepared areas for cultivation and the greenhouses would be perfect for creating organic vegetable and herb gardens for personal enjoyment or as a business.
 There is huge potential to take this property into a new level, the hard work has been done , in that the current owner has already invested a lot of money into the infrastructure of the Finca . 
This investment includes :
Solar panels for the house and the guest showers - 
The guest shower unit . an eco friendly wood unit with 3 showers
sub tropical greenhouse
2 large covered terraces ( enclose to the front and rear of the farmhouse - designed to be utilized as works rooms / yoga rooms/teacher rooms.  But could also be enclosed to make extra accommodation  ( subject to planning permission being granted )
brand new modern bathroom in one of the house 
new entrance gates 
new septic tank system
Generator
luxury glamping dome  with bathroom, bathtub, shower, bed 
soak away Reed bed system 
large refrigerators and freezers for vegetable preservation , commercial aga style stoves  
In summary , this lovely property has so much to offer . Decent road  & well maintained gravel track access to the front entrance .  Neighbours – not close enough to overlook, but there is a cluster of private homes along the road . The Finca is the last property on the track . 
Bucket loads of potential to create a very large country home , or a home and a business of some type . 

NB There is work to be done here . The property has been unused since summer 2021. The gardens need attention and the farmhouse , whilst solid and benefiting from new windows and doors , is still quite basic in the interior , but the important thing to bear in mind is the expensive infrastructure needed has already been installed.


