Beautifully restored spacious three bedroom  townhouse in the heart of the village of El Colmenar . 

This home is really immaculate in every way .  The elegant exterior is already welcoming one to step inside and once inside there are only nice surprises !  
The entrance hall is wide and bright , leading into a light, spacious living room to the right and a large fully fitted country style kitchen with 4 seater dining table . To the left of the front door is a decent size WC.  

The staircase in itself is a lovely feature, with solid wood handrails and wood stair rises on ceramic light  terracotta coloured floor tiles, which continue throughout the entire house, giving a lovely flow . 

Upstairs there are two generously proportioned double bedrooms , the master bedroom being the larger of the rooms , there are some lovey views towards to countryside from the window of this room .  The third bedroom is a good size single room .

All bedrooms have Juliet balconies , double size fitted wardrobes , and overhead ceiling fans .
The family bathroom is a good size and has a bath with overhead shower . 

A further flight of stairs leads to the jewel in the crown of the lovely home.  A lovely roof terrace which has absolutely 360º panoramic views !  

The terrace is of ample size to accommodation a dining table and chairs , sunbeds and 2 chill out seating areas .  There is no doubt this is where one would spend most of the time , Perfect to capture the winter sun and enjoy the warm summer nights .
There is a large iron pergola to provide shade in the summer months . 

A storage room has been cleverly utilized to provide not only a place to store cushions , but also as a mini service area – there is a small fridge and shelving .  There is an outside tap to the left of the storeroom and electricity , so a little extra thought and this area could be turned into a full service outdoor kitchen – very useful for BBQ's and al fresco dining . 

A perfect lock up and leave property and ideal home for a holidays or full time living .
