Charming three-bedroom, two-bathroom duplex penthouse in the elegant frontline White Pearl Beach II condominium, Marbella East. This duplex penthouse enjoys wonderful sea views, is very bright and enjoys many hours of sunshine thanks to its south orientation. The apartment has a usable area of 156 m2 + 114 m2 terrace. It offers great rooms, all with hot/cold air conditioning, divided into living-dining room, master bedroom with sea views and bathroom en-suite, a guest toilet and a fully equipped kitchen, with additional utility room. On the upper floor there are two further bedrooms with direct access to a terrace of over 70 m2, which invites you to enjoy the Mediterranean climate and offers a view over the palm trees to the sea. One of the most important advantages are undoubtedly the terraces from which you can enjoy the tranquility and the views of the sea. The apartment has been used very little and is in excellent condition and very well maintained. An ideal option to enjoy life in Marbella next to the sea. The apartment includes an underground parking space and a cellar room.

This beautiful duplex penthouse with fantastic sea views is located in one of the most sought after beachfront properties in Elviria, Marbella and you shouldn't miss it.

Elviria is a popular residential area in the eastern part of Marbella, approximately 10 minutes drive from Marbella city center and 35 minutes from Malaga International Airport. Some of the best international schools are located in Elviria, such as the English International College, the German School and Colegio Ecos. The area is well equipped with services, all kinds of shops, doctors, restaurants, supermarkets and entertainment options. Also conveniently located are the Santa María and Santa Clara golf courses with their respective clubs and two further golf courses, Golf Club Marbella and Golf Rio Real, are just a short drive away. Elviria offers beautiful sandy beaches with charming beach restaurants. The famous beach club Nikki Beach is located right next to the five-star luxury Hotel Don Carlos.