A stunning South-facing, modern ground-floor apartment with a private pool and panoramic sea views in Dona Julia, Casares. This apartment incorporates the complete garden floor in the block. It consists of 3 bedrooms, a living room with a separate dining area, a fully fitted kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a guest cloakroom. It has a lovely plot that wraps around the property.

This apartment is situated within a gated community of 54 apartments, set in 12 low rise Andalucian style buildings, with a maximum of 5 apartments in each block. Each apartment is stepped back offering privacy with no neighbours directly overhead or to either side. It is spacious, light and airy, built to a high specification with hot and cold air conditioning and cream-polished marble floors.

As you walk in through the main door to the entrance hall, to the left you have the fully fitted modern Kitchen with large double patio doors out to the terrace and bar area and directly out to the pool and garden - perfect for entertaining.  

Continuing through the entrance hallway, there is a guest bathroom and additional storage cupboards on the right - ideal for hanging coats!  This wide hallway opens out to the most fabulous living area.

The spacious living room has so much natural light with top-to-bottom glass doors leading out to the spectacular terrace.  There is a split level with a dining alcove, also with direct access to the terrace and garden.  You can sit in your living room or dining room and look right out to the private terrace, pool, garden, and out to the sparkling blue sea.  

There are three good size bedrooms all having fitted wardrobes and all with access out to the garden and terrace.  There are two bathrooms, one recently refurbished with a walk-in shower The master bedroom has an en-suite bathroom with a Jacuzzi bath.  There are stunning sea views and direct access to the garden from this room.

The outside area is a highlight of this property with a bar area, outside dining area, private pool, and wrap-around garden.  The views are beautiful with sea, mountain, and even views to the prestigious Finca Cortesin Golf Resort. 

The apartment comes with a dedicated underground garage parking space together with a large storage room outside their front door. The block also has a lift to each floor.  This development is exceptional and is maintained to a high standard, it has an infinity-style pool, padel court, gym, and Hammam / Turkish Bath. The complex has excellent security with community CCTV and an automated entry system. 

The urbanisation is in a fabulous location. Whilst in a quiet, peaceful residential area it is only a five-minute drive to the beach, Casares Costa, Sabanillas town, and Marina de la Duquesa with all its amenities.  The old town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and restaurants is only a 10-minute drive away.

Doña Julia's golf course is only minutes away.  The Casares Road is also known for its fabulous restaurants. Casares is also home to the prestigious 5-star resort of Finca Cortesin (a 5-minute drive away), which recently hosted the 2023 Solheim Cup.  In addition to this, the property is close to some of Costa Del Sol's most beautiful beaches and Chiringuitos ( beach bars).

A spectacular property ! Come View with Me!