INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY ! Two substantial sized adjoining town houses and a building plot , situated in a quiet street in the village of Cortes de la Frontera , Serrania de Ronda.
HOUSE ONE : renovated in a style that reflects the Andalucia's traditional style , retaining a lot of character and some original features. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms . Kitchen , terraces and patio, Large living room .

HOUSE TWO: need renovation and modernisation, but is structurally in reasonably good condition. Behind the houses is a large garden which has a number of fruit trees :- orange, lemon, olive, walnut, almond, apricot, fig, lavender, rosemary, several patios on different levels. The garden rising up a hill to meet the street above it.

BUILDING PLOT : (70M2 At the top of the garden is a building plot. with it's own title deed. This plot is urban , therefore allowing construction on a stand alone property, which would have magnificent views . Entrance to the plot from top street, thereby allowing independent access. Perfect for construction of a holiday home for rentals.

Ample room to build a swimming pool in the garden .

The houses have beautiful views to the countryside from the roof terraces .

Don't be daunted ! This is a great property, with so much potential . Cortes has some very professional local building companies and English speaking architect to help guide a buyer through the process of construction .

The two houses could be joined to create a stylish centre town guest house/b & b or boutique hotel Many options here to create your own Tourism business in a charming white village, that has a consistent and plentiful number of tourists ( Spanish and International ) throughout the entire year .

ABOUT CORTES DE LA FRONTERA

One the famous " White villages ! of the Serrania de Ronda . Surrounded by the cork forests of the Alcornocales Park and the stunning natural beauty of the Sierra de Grazalema Natural Park . An area well known for it's diverse wildlife, endless walking trails, perfect for cycling horse riding and sightseeing .
Considered to be one of the most outstanding areas's of natural beauty in Andalusia.

Cortes is well served by a range of shops, supermarkets, restaurants , hardware store, 24 hour medical centre, schools , junior and senior . a good mix of Spanish and International home owners from all parts of the world, some permanent residents, others, home owners .

Costa del Sol is only 45 minutes away, the Costa de la Luz (one of the best stretch of beaches in Europe and an international mecca for windsurfers and kitesurfers) is 1 hour 15 minutes away, Seville is 1 hour away, Ronda 35 minutes away. The village of Gaucin, popular with artists and with its famous views across the sea to the Riff mountains of Africa is only 25 minutes away.
Nearest airports Malaga/Gibraltar 2 hours. Train from Ronda.
