Indulge in the charm of rustic Andalusian living with this exceptional detached villa, a harmonious blend of traditional elegance and modern comfort. Tucked away in a serene beachside neighbourhood, this property exudes timeless allure and offers a haven of tranquillity.
As you enter you are greeted by the front door porch, surrounded by terrace and greenery, with an olive tree as the center of the stage as you walk in.   Through themain entrance, the hall welcomes you into an ample living room which is the heart of the villa, featuring an enclosed wood-burning fireplace.  The dining room sets the stage for memorable gatherings and intimate meals, adorned with traditional wooden beams and with plenty of natural light.

Adjacent is the generous kitchen, boasting rustic touches and modern amenities and ample space for a table that can comfortably accommodate up to 8 people.  The private garage is ample for two cars while also serving as a pantry and storage with wall shelving.   This villa is distributed with four bedrooms - 3 boast en-suite bathrooms, offering privacy and comfort, while a versatile storage room near the kitchen provides potential for additional living space.

Step outside onto the south-facing porch and immerse yourself in the tranquility of the ample garden.  The private sparkling pool, invites you to unwind and indulge in leisurely afternoons under the warm Mediterranean sun.  Next to the pool you will find a covered barbecue area, an ample shelter that can accommodate an exterior terrace table and some seating area perfect for enjoying with family and friends.  Meanwhile, the back garden offers a serene retreat with two fruit trees, adding to the natural beauty of the exterior of the villa.

Detached Villa, Atalaya, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 260 m², Terrace 30 m², Garden/Plot 833 m².

Setting : Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Sea.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Garden.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Barbeque.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Garage, More Than One.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Resale.
