As was once said, "recognizing the need is the primary condition for design", and this it is with this thought in mind that this stunning modern contemporary new residence has been designed and created.

This property has a wide variety of amenities with a higher level of quality than ever before, designed to meet and satisfy the most discerning tastes and requirements. 

Created using top quality finishings, including the latest domotic system, underfloor heating throughout, Italian tiles and branded architectural lighting. 

Built on an extensive plot is a sought after residential area of Nueva Andalucia, this property is surrounded by some of the most highly regarded golf courses in Southern Spain, including Las Brisas, Los Naranjos, Aloha and La Quinta, making it an instant investment in terms increasing value.

The property also enjoys incredible views of the La Concha mountain, synonymous with Marbella and all its lifestyle has to offer. 

The property opens to reveal an open plan living style, spacious and naturally lit through commanding floor to ceiling windows, allowing swathes of natural light to flood in, illuminating each and every room from every angle. 

Set on 3 levels, the property boasts 5 bedrooms with bathrooms ensuite and 2 guest toilets.  The ground floor showcases a stunning fully equipped kitchen, elegantly modern dining room and open plan living area.  Terrace windows open all around to allow direct access to a diving terrace area that wraps itself around a breathtaking infinity swimming pool, looked on by a sunken seating chill out area alongside. 

Adjacent to the chill out area is an open air outdoor kitchen with a dining area, also overlooking the pool yet shaded from the midday sun by a covered terrace.  There is also a second seating area, furnished with soft plush sofas and chairs, sleek and simple in their elegant design and palettes. Simple yet stunning manicured gardens surround the residence as do other fauna and shrubbery, creating a totally green and peaceful corner in a busy world.

The upper floor reveals a solarium, gracefully designed to surround a glassed in interior lounge, which sits squarely in the middle and takes in stunning valley and mountain views.  Expertly placed sun loungers on one side sit next to an inviting jacuzzi whilst on the other side there is a dining area, prefect for evening meals whilst overlooking treetops into the distance.

The lower floor offers a multitude of options including a games room, storage room, a bar area and the installations room. There is also an area that can be used as is the residents wishes, for example a gym, and there is a private plush cinema. Further bathrooms also feature.

The property is designed complete with a smart system by Lutron, a fully integrated alarm system, underfloor heating throughout, fireplaces in the living room and master bedroom, air conditioning and eco-friendly Alterma energy.

The residence finds itself just 5 minutes from Puerto Banus, close to all major amenities and private international schools, making its location prime and ultra desirable.

Built with emphasis on sustainability, mixing wood with natural stone, exquisite light toned marble and glass flourishes, this property is dedicated to exceptional design, beauty in simplicity and contemporary living, showcasing clean, sleek lines in all areas, and marrying the natural with the new, in such a chic and effortless manner.