This is a lavishly appointed duplex penthouse apartment set in one of the most sought after areas on Marbellas Golden Mile, Just a short walk into the centre of Marbella and to Puerto Banus, where you can enjoy luxury shopping experiences combined with culinary adventures, this is prime location at its best!

Located within a 24 hour security managed gated community, the property is surrounded by spectacularly manicured sub-tropical gardens which are elegantly flourished with fountains, water features and no less than 3 sizable swimming pools, all of which create an atmosphere of relaxation, as sounds of gentle trickling of water resonating through the air. 

Entering the property on the main level, which is accessed by a direct private life operable only by private key, there is an impressive L-shaped living area. This high ceilinged room boasts a working fireplace and is brightly and naturally lit by extensive sliding glass terrace doors that offer direct access to the main wrap around terrace.  

Adjacent to the living area is an elegant dining area which is looked over by a modern open plan style kitchen, dressed in fine marble countertops combined with wood and gold flourishes, and showcasing a chic comprehensive island unit, compete with bar stools. Wide windows on all sides of the kitchen and dining area allow the Spanish sunlight to flood in, illuminating the rooms with great washes of gentle color and warmth.  The kitchen is fully equipped with first class Miele appliances, offers plenty of storage and cupboard space and boasts a full size wine fridge/cooler. Adjacent to the kitchen is a versatile utility room.

Also on the main floor is the master bedroom, inviting and luxurious in its own right. The suite opens its terrace doors directly onto that immense terrace and reveals the panoramic sea and golf views that stretch extensively out and towards the Mediterranean sea. A deluxe ensuite bathroom offers privacy to it resents and is resplendent with a double vanity and an oval bathtub, lit by grand windows opening onto a private corner of the propertys terrace.  Dressed in tones of rich blues and cool creams, this master suite is truly as captivating as it is stylish.

On the same floor there is also another beautiful and spacious ensuite bedroom, also offering access to the glorious main terrace from a private corner.  The bathroom is also finely dressed in neutral tones and with both rooms proffering white washed wooden beamed ceiling, this suite denotes purity and peacefulness. 

On the upper level there are 2 further ensuite bedrooms both of which reveal access to terraces that enjoy an elevated uninterrupted view over the golf area, the gardens and the sea. Again, the bathroom are lavishly dressed and wooden beamed ceiling abound keeping the relaxing Mediterranean ambience throughout the residence.

The vast main terrace enjoys views all around and is comprehensive, and private. With various seating areas, dining options, and a stunning built in wood surrounded bar barbecue area, this is the perfect place to relax, chill out and enjoy quality time with those you love. On the upper terrace you can also find a large private jacuzzi, another prime spot to relax in, rejuvenate and enjoy a chilled glass of wine whilst appreciating the sweeping views.

The residence includes a plethora of additional extras including underfloor heating in the living room, main bedroom and its ensuite bathroom, hot and cold air conditioning throughout, the Domotic lighting system operable from a smart phone,  an integrated Sonos sound system which include speakers by Bowers & Wilkinson.  There are also 2 private parking spaces and a generous secure storage room.

Without doubt, this has to be one of the finest duplex penthouses on the market at this moment. Inspiring and captivating in its orientation and setting, impeccably dressed throughout, with luxury and functionality merging in every aspect, this residence is simply glorious.