One of the longest-standing B&Bs in the region is now for sale! This breathtaking estate is situated on an idyllic hill in Alhaurín el Grande, offering stunning views over the Guadalhorce Valley. The estate comprises a private villa (three bedrooms, three bathrooms), a smaller detached villa (two bedrooms, two bathrooms), three apartments (all with one bedroom), a large 50m² swimming pool, and various outbuildings. The airport of Málaga, cities like Mijas, Fuengirola, Torremolinos, and Marbella are all just 30 minutes away. The center of Alhaurin el Grande is reachable within 10 minutes by car, and the nearest golf course is within 5 minutes!

This is one of the longest-running B&Bs in the region. Due to the owner's retirement, this estate (on a plot of 7425m²) is now on the market. In addition to the existing accommodations, there are several opportunities to expand the number of guest rooms or to use the entire estate as a family residence. The access road is fully paved, and the first entrance is for guests. There is an automatic gate for users of the three apartments and the guest villa. Several years ago, the current owner decided to move away from the B&B concept and equip all accommodations with a kitchen.

The three apartments have areas of 23, 36, and 39m² respectively and are all furnished for 2 guests. The guest villa has an area of nearly 90m² and can accommodate 4-6 guests. Guests also have access to a covered veranda (with glass curtains for the winter months) next to the pool, offering stunning views over the Guadalhorce Valley. On the roof of this guest villa you will find 20 solarpanels!

The large central villa (240m² of interior space) is occupied by the current owner and consists of two floors. On the ground floor, there is a spacious living room with a semi-open kitchen, a large conservatory with the same view as the pool area, and two bedrooms with en-suite bathrooms. These two bedrooms can also be accessed from outside with a relatively simple modification, creating two additional guest rooms outside the private area. On the first floor, there is a third bedroom in the size of a spacious additional dwelling (66m²), again with an en-suite bathroom and a large terrace.

In the lush gardens, filled with cozy seating areas and beautiful mature plants and trees, there is also a large garage of almost 80m² (which can also be converted into additional guest accommodation) and several smaller storage rooms. An additional bonus is the separate entrance (again with an automatic gate) for the private residence. All in all, this is a fantastic estate in one of the best locations in Alhaurin el Grande. The sale includes a large part of the inventory, especially from the guest accommodations. Additionally, the new owner can also take over the business name, bookings, and booking websites if desired.