Perched on the mountainside and overlooking the entirety of the Marbella coastline you can find this stunning modern villa, full of character and style. 

Built by the owner, this villa enjoys its place at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac and imposingly takes in its surroundings from its perched position.  Entering through a sleek and modern front door the property reveals a slick wood panelled hallway, which leads onto reveal the kitchen. This is again exceptionally modern being furnished in neutral grey tones and stainless steel that merge beautifully with wooden detailing in the doorway leading outside and the bar stools at the breakfast bar.  The kitchen allows natural light in through large windows that give way to the panoramic views over the coast. 

The separate dining room is along from the kitchen and is accessed by open doorways, one from the hall and one leading onto the living room. The dining room is spacious and over looks a section of the garden adjacent to the swimming pool and has those fantastic views showcased through floor to ceiling sliding glass doors. 

The master bedrooms is located further along the extensive hallway, and enjoys its total privacy with an ensuite bathroom. It commands views over the garden and the coastline far below through sliding glass doors and enjoys natural sunlight from morning til night. The bathroom is modern, sleek with furnishings in clean white marble and contrasting dark wood, giving an innate sense of calming style. 

Found also on this floor is the guest toilet and a well appointed office. The office also enjoys totally open views across the propertys grounds and the swimming pool, which is surrounded by mature wooden decking. From the pool and the seating area adjacent you can sit, enjoy a cocktail and appreciate the bustling town of Marbella visible much further below. 

The first floor is accessed by open stairs at the entrance, and reveals a further 3 bedrooms all with ensuite bathrooms. These all have direct access to balcony terraces, all of which span the full length of the property, allowing unparalleled views across the coast and spanning whats seems to appear to be the whole of the Mediterranean Sea! 

There is a further office / living room that could easily be converted into another bedroom with a bathroom ensuite, and all of these areas on this floor enjoy direct access to the balcony terraces.

The lower floor reveals a private guest apartment complete with its own private and separate access. There is also a bathroom, sauna  and access to the laundry room and pantry. These areas are also connected through to the kitchen on the main floor. 

The entirety of this property pulls each and every room towards the panoramic views it commands by way of huge glass doors and windows facing the south east. These views are simply unrivalled and as mentioned, showcase the coastline below, lead over towards Gibraltar and draw the eyes far across to North Africa, which is visible on a clear skied sunny day.  

This property draws you into its stylish interiors, furnished with mahogany wood touches throughout that gently reflect the shards of sunlight that stream in through every one of the immense doors, creating its own personal shadows and effects, thus giving each visitor to the property an overwhelming sense of warmth, calmness and relaxation.

If there was ever a property that seems that is has been built atop its own mountain, this is it!