Great investment opportunity for house builders.

This south facing plot of 6,505 m² is offered for sale in the exclusive residential community of Ur. Flores del Paraiso, Benahavis, midway between Puerto Banus and Estepona. It enjoys views of the Mediterranean Sea and the peaceful mountains.

The lot is composed of 3 independent plots totaling 6.505m2.

Plot A) 1.899m2
Plot B) 2.260m2 
Plot C) 2.343m2

Land destined in PGOU to single-family house, construction coefficient 21% + basement. 

ZONE IN AUGE.

Very good views, to the sea and green areas.

Located 3km from the beach, in the area of Paraiso Alto / Cortijo Cortes, belonging to the municipality of Benahavis.  An enclave surrounded by luxury villas and luxury homes. 

The 3 plots are sold for the total price of 1.3 million. 

Estimated time to obtain the license 2/3 months.

Surrounded with the beautiful nature of Benahavis municipality and the high-end properties of the prestigious area, it has an easy access to the beaches, golf courses and the best leisure and gastronomic options of the Costa del Sol. It will take you only few minutes to drive to the beach and all amenities, 15 minutes to the centres of Marbella and Estepona, and less than 10 minutes to the legendary Puerto Banus, San Pedro de Alcantara and Golf Valley of Nueva Andalucia.

This prestigious development will offer you a remarkable lifestyle. You can play golf on one of the three 18-hole golf courses, enjoy the state-of-the-art Villa Padierna SPA, spend the day at the Beach Club or admire the sunsets whilst dining at one of the excellent restaurants of the world-class resort. The area is protected by 24- hour security and has surveillance cameras. You will enjoy its safety level, tranquillity and beauty.

Purchasing a plot or a house in Flores del Paraiso is also a good long-term investment opportunity. The whole valley is developed under a master plan, which ensures high standards, stunning panoramic views and plenty of open space for all the developments.

Don&#039;t hesitate to contact us for more information and arrange a viewing.