Beautiful modern penthouse brand new to the market situated in the heart of the popular Los Boliches.  The owner has done a very clever job with the renovation using the highest of qualities and using every space  for maximum living accomodation.  As you enter you will find the gorgeous kitchen equipped with all the best appliancies.  The lounge is very bright and has wood effect porcelain tiles that flows perfectly to the private terrace affording afternoon sun.  Both bedrooms are doubles, both have fitted wardrobes and each have their own en suite privatte bathrooms.  The master bedrrom has a gorgeous sloping ceiling and has access out to the terrace.  There is air conditioning hot and cold thoughout.  An incredible holiday home, family home or profitable rental investment.

The areas of Los Boliches and Torreblanca are busy areas in their own right but offer a less fast pace of life. The high street and side streets in Los Boliches provides a gluttony of little bars, restaurants not only offering international drinks and cuisine but that of quality local produce and has its very own identity. Torreblanca is very frontline orientated but not to the extreme of its neighbouring areas where sitting out enjoying a drink or a meal looking out over the Mediterranean is a customary act. Both of these areas have a train station.

Fuengirola is located just 25km west of Malaga and is easily accessible by road, bus or train and is a popular tourist and residential area. Fuengirola has a population of 75,953 inhabitants with an average yearly temperature of 18 degrees and an average yearly rainfall of 570mm. The main reasons for its popularity is its location and proximity to the resorts of Benalmadena and Torremolinos to the east and the resorts of Mijas Costa and Marbella to the west, just over 35km away. It also has 8km of coastline of which is mostly uninterrupted beaches of which there are 7, one being a blue flag beach. Fuengirola offers an array of shops, bars and restaurants as well as shopping and commercial centres. For entertainment there are multi-screen cinemas, a water park, naturalistic zoo, skateboard park, go-karting, water sports, boat trips, theatres, kids mini-park, historic castle, crazy golf and more to keep both the adults and the children occupied.