OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS THAT THEY CAN'T MISS OUT!

23 M2 studio in Torrequebrada, Benalmádena, in a residential urbanization, the premises are prepared as a home studio or commercial premises or whatever you want. It is an open space of 23 M2 with large windows that give a lot of light, kitchen, bathroom and large built-in wardrobe.
The property is ready to be decorated to the buyer's taste, it is ideal as a work studio and home due to its characteristics, the urbanization has swimming pools and garden areas. Located in front of the sea.
Los Maites - Studio offers a seasonal outdoor pool and city views. It is in Benalmádena, a 2-minute walk from Playa de Santa Ana and 600 meters from Playa de Bil-Bil. This beachfront property.
The average price of the apartments in this urbanization is 4000 euros per m2, the property is offered at a price half that of the market. The property has a large community garden in front.
IDEAL FOR YOUR NEXT HOME OR BUSINESS! DO NOT HESITATE!
Excellent location. Studio on the beachfront, 100 meters from Santa Ana beach in Benalmádena Costa. It is registered in the registry as a commercial premises.
Málaga, Costa del Sol, is the region where the capital of the province of Málaga is located, which is Málaga, which is the sixth largest city in Spain in terms of inhabitants. In addition to this municipality, the region is also made up of the municipalities of Almogía and Casabermeja. It was founded in the 7th century BC. C by the Roman Empire and until today it has been an important city that has prospered greatly. It is an area with a very good quality of life since the annual temperatures are 18ºC and also because of its exceptional gastronomy. Also highlight the architectural monuments that have high value, such as the Malaga Cathedral and the Episcopal Palace.
Request a visit and we will be happy to guide you through the entire purchasing process for free. Furthermore, if you need to finance the purchase of this property, we have an experienced mortgage advice department to offer you the best financing on the market easily and free of charge.
If you want to live in a dream place and not miss this OPPORTUNITY, do not hesitate to call us without obligation! We will be happy to assist you.