A beautiful beachfront house in Casares Costa,  with stunning sea views and within walking distance of bars, cafés and amenities. This  house has three large bedrooms, three bathrooms and a guest toilet.  Two of the bedrooms are ensuite. 

This house is beautifully presented and built to top quality specifications.  The owner has refurbished the inside and installed underfloor heating, there is air-conditioning throughout, there are fitted awardrobes in all the bedrooms and a fully fitted kitchen.  The balcony doors are new and double glazed. All the bathrooms have been refurbished, with a great attention to detail.

As you walk through the front door, you come to a hallway.  Here you have an entrance cupboard, ideal for hanging up coats and a storage cupboard.  There is also a guest cloakroom.   The hallway leads out to a lovely, large, open, split level dining and living  area with a fireplace and balcony doors leading straight out to a terrace with stunning pool and sea views. 

To the left, you have a state-of-the art kitchen, that is beautifully finished,  with top-of-the range appliances, double ovens, an American style fridge and a silestone worktop.

The terrace is a great size, perfect for dining al fresco.  Sit out here, enjoy the magnificent view of the stunning communal pool and gardens and the sparkling blue Mediterranean Sea.  This is a very special spot  - a real paradise.

There are two bedrooms and two bathrooms on the first floor.  One of the bedrooms on this floor is ensuite.  The bathroom  has been completely refurbished with his and her sinks and a walk in shower.  The bedroom  leads out to its own private terrace.  Sit out here and enjoy the fabulous views.  You can hear the sound of the sea.  The view is spectacular even at night, as the pool is lit up.  A great spot to enjoy the starry skies and the moons.   The second bedroom is also a very good size with fitted wardrobes.

The top floor is home to a  master bedroom suite with floor-to-ceiling fitted wardrobes , a modern bathroom with skylight.  The main bedroom leads out to a solarium terrace with a hot  tub.  Sit in your hot tub and soak in the  sea views - simply spectacular.

This house is located in a sought after urbanisation with a beautiful, hotel style communal pool and communal gardens and direct access to the unspoilt Casares beaches.  If you want to literally wake up to the sea every morning, this is the place for you.

Casares is a beautiful, unspoilt part of the Costa del Sol.  It is home to the five star resort of Finca Cortesin.  The Casares road is also known for its numerous restaurants, or 'ventas'.  You can walk from the urbanisation along the promenade towards the town of Sabinillas and Duquesa Marina.  It is only a 10 minute drive to the well-known Estepona with its fabulous Old Town and port. If flying form abroad, the location is ideal with Malaga airport just an hour away and Gibraltar airport 30 minutes away.

This house would make a fabulous home! Come view with me!