A villa to fall in love with and an additional building plot of 2.493 qm ! In one of the most beautiful "white villages" of Andalusia, ideal for living, investing or renting.
Breathtaking views of the sea and the mountains of Málaga and Mijas, in absolute tranquility location, make this place an oasis of well-being!
Ideal for nature lovers, golfers, hikers, mountain bikers and equestrian athletes.

1. A villa on a plot of 800 qm with a constructed area of 274 qm, 100 qm terrace and approx. 370 qm of living space, distributed over 2 levels and basement. Built with natural materials of marble, wood and stone, surrounded by lots of vegetation, native flowering plants and fruit trees. Everything is in a very neat condition.
2. A separate, buildable plot of 2.493 qm. Loving, terraced paths with plantings and stone walls, which are used, among other things, to drain rainwater. Here you will find a so-called "power place" from which you can enjoy the magical sunrise over the sea all year round! 

Description House:
From the representative entrance staircase you can access a cozy living room with bar, TV and other amenities on the right. 
To the left, a light-flooded dining room leads into an open living room landscape with chimney and TV. From all rooms you have a fantastic view of the terrace, the pool and the wonderfully landscaped garden. In the large fully equipped kitchen with cooking island, there is a great panoramic view of the mountains of Mijas. 
A stylish staircase leads to the 4 bedrooms on the upper floor. Each room has its own bathroom and 3 of them are separately accessible from the outside. Privacy and individual living are thus optimally guaranteed for rentals or visits. All rooms are equipped with TV and internet. Each room has a special name:
1. The Panorama Room: A breathtaking, fantastic view of the sea with its own exit via a spiral staircase to the terrace and pool area, as well as to the garden.
2. The master room "Buena Vista": Also a fantastic view over the sea, 10 qm beautiful balcony, unique 12 qm bathroom made of pink marble! Hot water emergency supply, alarm system.
3. and 4. The Blue and Pink Rooms: They are both located next to each other and have a shared, cozy living room with TV, safe, emergency hot water supply, private exit and view of the lovingly landscaped garden, alarm emergency buttons above the beds.

Double glazed PVC windows upstairs, downstairs wooden windows, single glazed. Thanks to the solar system, the pool is automatically heated free of charge from March to November. At the same time, the entire property is equipped with automatic outdoor lighting and transforms the entire property into a magical ambience in the evening hours.

Basement of the house:
1 bedroom, walk-in changing room, radiators
1 sauna, underfloor heating, shower
1 staff changing room, toilet, shower
1 storage room: sink, inverter for PV system (located outside), 15 KWh battery storage with emergency power function "back-up box" for internet, living rooms and kitchen
1 technical and workshop room: perfectly equipped with all necessary spare parts, machines, swimming pool pump, 1000 l hot water tank, electric transport trolley
1 pleasant, shaded, covered terrace
1 carport and parking spaces

Equipment:
Solar system, 1000 l hot water tank, heat exchanger for pool
Photovoltaic system (from 2022) for the production of e-energy, 8,256 KW peak, 15 KWh battery, "back-up box" (emergency power generator)
House Electrical Distributor, newly built 
Heating system: Air/water/heat pump: 16.2 KW, radiators heating 
Water deposit: 16 qm, with pressure booster system
Internet/Telephone: Fiber optic cable, new, 300 Mbt, Vozplus
Automatic garden irrigation
Own clippings landfill for cuttings, disposal 1x/year free of charge
Automatic outdoor lighting
Alarm system direct connection
Sole road access, cul-de-sac
Electric gate opening to property with camera
Workshop with all necessary household and garden tools
1 Renault Kangoo