Spacious and bright penthouse with 4 bedrooms by the golf course in Guadalmina

A wonderfully spacious and large corner duplex penthouse in Guadalmina, with good open views. The apartment faces west and is located on the first line of the Guadalmina golf course, a beautiful residential area near San Pedro and Puerto Banus. It is located in an elegant, well-kept and well-run complex with several swimming pools, beautiful gardens and a playground.

The penthouse apartment has a very large, spacious and bright living room, 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms, a fully equipped separate kitchen, a store room, several large sunny terraces, with a view of the fairways and greens, and a small sea view. There are also padel and tennis courts nearby. 
There is a private underground car park, where you can fit two smaller cars, or one small and one larger.

The distribution is as follows:
On the first floor you will find a fully equipped kitchen, a very spacious combined living room and dining room with access to a large covered corner terrace. Furthermore, there are 2 spacious bedrooms with their own terraces and wardrobes and 2 bathrooms (one with a bathtub).
On the second floor there is a very large master bedroom with its own terrace and plenty of wardrobes. Here there is also a large bathroom en suite which is divided into 3 parts. In the middle you have a double sink with storage. To one side there is a separate room with a bathtub and shower, to the other side there is a separate room with toilet, bidet and shower. The second bedroom on this floor is bright, spacious, has a wardrobe and a private bathroom with a bathtub. From this bedroom there is access to the largest terrace. This terrace is bathed in sun from morning to evening and has fantastic views of the golf course, the mountains and you can see the sea. On this floor there is also a separate storage room.

Qualities: The apartment is in very good condition and has been built in high quality materials, including marble floors throughout and double glazing. There is hot/cold air conditioning and there are radiators that have water-borne heat and run on gas. There is also a built-in safe.

The urbanization is in a gated area with 24 hour security and video surveillance, so it is safe and sound.

It is the perfect property to live all year round or for holiday use.
The apartment is fully furnished with the furniture you see in the pictures, so you and your family can move right in. Wr have the keys for easy viewings. 

The location is ideal, close to a shopping center, only 2 km from the beach, and a few minutes drive from San Pedro and Puerto Banus and the center of Marbella.
Distances: Airport: 45 min by car, Puerto Banus: 5 min, Marbella: 10 min, Golf: Right in front, Beach: 3 min. Nearest bars and restaurants: 2 min on foot, Shops: 10 min on foot, Public transport: 10 min on foot

Summary:
Bedrooms: 4 Bathrooms: 4 Internal area: 220m2 Terraces: 150m2 Parking space in basement Orientation: West
Year of construction: 2002
Community fee: 247
Basura: 92
IBI: 2,293

The property market on the Costa del Sol is very busy during the day and quality properties in good locations sell quickly.