Viewings highly recommended! NEW TO THE MARKET!

We are pleased to present to you this amazing - Detached 3 bedroom - 3 bathroom Sea view villa with Private Pool.

The villa is located in the district of El Faro, just a 5 minute walk to the beach and 8 minutes walk to all amenities such as Bars, Selection of Restaurants, Chemist and Beauty Salon. The bus stop, going to Marbella or in the opposite direction to Fuengirola, is also just around the corner from the villa.

El Faro is situated just a few kilometres drive from the Beaches and Nightlife that Fuengirola brings or the more sophisticated, affluent La Cala de Mijas.

As you enter the property through the front porch and into the living room, you have ample light flooding in from its large, south facing windows and the first thing you see are the great sea views of the Mediterranean sea.

The high ceiling living room is large in size and even boasts a Bar. Set off the living room are 2 double sized bedrooms, the master bedroom has a large wardrobe creating plenty of storage space and both bedrooms have their own en-suite bathrooms.
The nice flow of the property from the living area, takes you around to a large, semi-open-plan, fully equipped kitchen. The dining area in one end, seating 6 people and the kitchen on the other side makes it feel as it is a separate kitchen. 

There is also a pantry/laundry room that leads just off the kitchen for extra storage space and laundry facilities. The balcony is complete with glass curtains.

On the lower floor of the property there is a separate, one bedroom, self contained apartment with a kitchen area overlooking the pool and the beautiful green valley, that takes you down to the beach in just a few minutes. You even have your own, private, locked gate to access the green valley walk way.

The garden has several seating/relaxing/lounging areas complete with recently installed glass balustrades, including its own sea view bar, which also overlooks the swimming pool.

Additional advantages are: Air conditioning throughout the property, hot and cold, plus private parking space directly in front of the villa, walking distance to the beach and all facilities and amenities, 20 minutes drive from the airport and local transport on your doorstep.

This really is a delightful and practical villa, whether you are a resident looking for a villa with separate accommodation or for family members to come and visit or as an investment to rent out. Short term holiday lettings are also possible with this wonderful villa.

Videos are available on request.

Must see villa !

