This wonderful villa situated in the urban centre of Benahavís represents the best combination of peace, nature and facilities. Enjoy breathtaking mountain and town views, but without sacrificing your privacy! All the amenities available in the area such as schools, shops, the famous gastronomy of Behahavis village are just a short walk away, as well as the proximity to the best golf courses, making this the ideal place to enjoy a relaxed life. 

Built on a plot of 635 m², the villa has 465 m² divided into 4 spacious bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, large habitable basement and garage.

On the main floor we find the spacious living-dining room with large windows that bring brightness to the room and its access to the main terrace from where you can enjoy breathtaking panoramic views of the mountains and its surroundings. It has a stone fireplace and its rustic aspect provides an intimate and cosy touch. To the right of the hallway is the fully equipped kitchen, with peninsula and a large pantry. On this same floor, to the left of the hallway, there are two very spacious bedrooms and a complete bathroom. Both bedrooms have fitted wardrobes and one of them has a terrace with magnificent mountain views.

The upper floor, accessed via the entrance staircase, contains the master bedroom with travertine marble bathroom, dressing room and large terrace with the best views of the house. 
A laundry room and a very spacious fourth bedroom with a sloping ceiling and its own terrace complete this spacious upper level.

The ground floor, which is accessed via another staircase in front of the entrance of the house, leads to the garage, storage room and a total of 200 sqm of unfinished habitable basement with direct access to the private garden with fruit trees. 
This place is a nice blank canvas to transform into an individual flat or a multipurpose room, with large windows and beautiful views.
It is possible to build a swimming pool, given the space that this wonderful garden offers.

The villa can be divided into independent flats, and it is also possible to build another house on vacant land, so that you can not only enjoy it as a family, but also as an investment.

Made with the best building materials, double insulated walls with air chambers, double glazing and heating in all rooms of the house. No community fees.

Only 15 minutes drive to Puerto Banus, shops and commercial centres, this is the perfect place for those looking for privacy and tranquillity with a rustic touch.
Don't miss the opportunity to visit this magnificent property!

