This charming south facing 2 bedroom townhouse offered for sale is situated in the well established development of El Alto within Los Arqueros Golf and Country Club.. The townhouse consists of a large living dining area, large patio windows leading on to the very bright south facing terrace which boast breathtaking views across of Los Arqueros, the golf course, lake, mountains and on to to the sea. A spacious kitchen with a separate utility area and laundry drying area and guest toilet and storage under the stairs completes the lower floor. 
The two bedrooms are on the entrance level, both are en suite, two large double bedrooms, the master with its own en suite bath and twin sinks, the bedroom leads on to a sunny terrace to enjoy breakfast or an nightcap before bed watching the sea, sunrise and sunsets. the second bedroom has the use of the guest en suite shower room, also there is a storage cupboard in the hallway and both bedroom have amble wardrobe storage and large patio windows to the terraces..
A private garage parking space is available to us in the main garage block on site. 
El Alto  is a gated community consisting of 100 Spacious town houses and apartments combine with 2 beautiful swimming pools and gardens, within Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club Surrounded by landscaped tropical gardens, 
Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, located just minutes from Marbella, the world famous Puerto Banus and the traditional Spanish town of San Pedro de Alcantara and set amongst the foothills of Sierra de Ronda, Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club offers a combination of spectacular surrounding scenery, open spaces and exceptional views over the Mediterranean sea. 
Los Arqueros is more than an urbanisation is spread around the sleek green fairways of the Sevi Ballesteros-designed 18-hole course. High quality prevails in each of the Taylor Wimpey built properties. High-spec kitchens, sizeable terraces, gardens and pools are just some of the benefits within each. Whatever your taste or requirement, your needs will be met with attention to detail afforded at every opportunity. 
Los Arqueros Golf & Country Club, as its name suggests, provides more than a challenging course with stunning surrounds. Other great facilities, such as the tennis, paddle & squash courts, gym, driving range, Pro shop, 2 restaurants, bar and Sport bar with ten-pin all on site