Ideal for Bed & Breakfast!!

Beautiful Finca with Arab style on &quot;urban land&quot; with 2 guest cabins.

The main House is distributed on 2 floors as follows:
Ground floor: Entrance hall, large living room with double height ceilings, 2 fireplaces, fully equipped kitchen and open to living room, pantry, utility room and guest toilet. On this floor there are also 2 large bedrooms of which the main has fitted wardrobes, Jacuzzi and bathroom with shower. The other bedroom has a dressing room and bathroom with shower. The porches are very spacious with seating areas with nice views of the pool, pond and gardens, plus it has a very large dining table.
Upper floor: Composed of 3 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and 2 bathrooms (1 en suite).
The main Villa has under floor heating throughout the house and solar panels for hot water. The windows are double glazed.

Guest house nº1: With seating areas in the terrace plus barbecue area and inside it is distributed in a living room with stove, bedroom, bathroom and equipped kitchen.

Guest house nº2: Distributed on a single floor with a nice porch with large dining table next to its barbecue and inside there is a large enclosed porch and converted into living room, kitchen equipped and open to the living room, 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms (1 en suite).

Outside: Beautiful barbeque house, sitting areas in the garden, beautiful pergola next to the pond with fish, workshop with possibility to convert into another bedroom. Elegant entrance of vehicle with automatic gate and capacity for several vehicles. Pool surrounded by sunny terraces and seating areas.
Plot completely flat and fenced with well water and automatic irrigation system.

First Occupancy License in Place.

Plot 4,766.40m2. Built 269.62m2.
IBI 1.850,82 per year.
Year of construction 2008.

Distances:
Supermarket in Archidona 6.2km.
Malaga Airport 67km.
Granada 70km.

The property is inscribed at the Tourism Registry of Andalusia, in accordance with the Decree 28/2016, of 2 February, of Tourist Homes of Andalusia.