Spacious country villa with mountains and sea views in Casares, close to Estepona. Located in a very tranquil area, bordering the Natural Park and surrounded by ancient cork-oak trees and beautiful mountains views. This property is nestled in nature and has easy access, just 2 minutes from the main road. The total built size is 314m2, of which 275m2 correspond to the house and 39m2 to the garage + workshop.

An automatic gate gives access to a paved road. There is ample parking at the front of the property, a covered garage with space for one car and a large workshop. The house is accessed through a cozy Andalusian courtyard.
On the main floor we find a living room, dining room, a bright room for breakfast or lunch and a laundry room connected to a fully equipped kitchen. From the kitchen and living room there is access to an outdoor terrace with panoramic views. The terrace also has barbecue area, garden and jacuzzi. The ground floor is completed with a bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and guest toilet.

On the top floor, there is the master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom and a beautiful balcony with beautiful views. On this floor there are also two more bedrooms and a shared bathroom. Furthermore, there is a mezzanine overlooking the living room, used as an office.

Outside there are many relaxing areas and terraces. You can also enjoy a beautiful garden and a large pool with lot of privacy thanks to the trees that surround the property.
The 10,000 m2 plot has trails that lead to areas with beautiful wild flowers and fruit trees.

Villa in immaculate conditions, ready to move in. This property is connected to mains electricity and water. It has the installation of solar panels and central heating with radiators in all rooms. The windows are double glazed. There is an alarm system and automatic irrigation system for the garden.

This charming Andalusian villa is located just 7 minutes by car from Casares, 15 minutes from the beach and one hour from Malaga international airport. Just 15 minutes drive away, you will find excellent golf courses, such as the famous Finca Cortesín complex. 25 minutes from the Sotogrande International School and several marinas. Estepona is located just 20 minutes away.