STUNNING LAS TERRAZAS 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT 

A must-see apartment in arguably the best community Alhaurin Golf has to offer.   This is a unique opportunity to acquire one of the premier apartments in the area. 

This substantial front line golf property is well planned and equipped offering three bedrooms and three bathrooms, two of which present as individual suites, an outstanding terrace, a spacious open plan dining kitchen and large living and dining room.  In addition, the underground, dedicated parking space is oversized, offering space for a car and golf buggy with immediate access to a generous storage room.  

The scenery from all rooms is attractive. Of note are the staggering views from the primary bedroom suite, guest bedroom, living room and terrace all overlooking the golf course, mountains, national park, and beyond.

The building complex is exceptionally well maintained, providing a sense of space, great views of the golf and beyond, and offers a feeling of being more like a mansion block than the typical Spanish apartment complex.   Communal amenities include WIFI throughout, mini-gym, sauna, commercial laundry facilities, covered sitting areas, tropical gardens, and a tempting swimming pool. This is a must see.

The apartment is loved by the owners who have maintained and cared for the property since new.  We are confident you will agree that the apartment presents well.  The opportunity to enhance or leave as is will appeal to a wide range of buyers looking for an investment, short- or long-term rental income, as a lock-up and leave holiday home or for permanent living.    

Alhaurin Golf is well placed for Mijas, La Cala, Fuengirola, Malaga Airport, Marbella and beyond. There are several beaches and golf courses within a 20-minute drive and an extensive number of restaurants in the local vicinity.  Alhaurin Golf itself was designed by Severiano Ballesteros and is deemed a true test of golf.   

We recommend a visit to the property to take in the views, space and privacy afforded by this exceptional property.     Sold fully furnished.   La oportunidad de mejorar o dejar como está será de interés para una amplia gama de compradores que buscan una inversión, a corto o largo plazo los ingresos de alquiler, como un lock-up y dejar casa de vacaciones o para la vida permanente.    

Alhaurín Golf está bien situado para Mijas, La Cala, Fuengirola, el aeropuerto de Málaga, Marbella y más allá. Hay varias playas y campos de golf a 20 minutos en coche y un gran número de restaurantes en los alrededores.  Alhaurín Golf fue diseñado por Severiano Ballesteros y se considera una verdadera prueba de golf.   

Recomendamos una visita a la propiedad para disfrutar de las vistas, el espacio y la privacidad que ofrece esta propiedad excepcional.     Se vende completamente amueblado.  






