This is a beautifully presented 3-bed, two-bath ground floor apartment with an extended terrace.  The apartment comes with a store room and generous-sized private underground parking.  The apartment is built to high quality specifications, including air conditioning throughout, fitted wardrobes and a fully fitted kitchen.

The apartment has an open-plan lounge / dining room with floor-to-ceiling sliding patio doors enticing you towards the terrace.    As you enter the terrace from the lounge, you appreciate the size of the extended terrace.   The terrace is in such a lovely peaceful setting ideal for al fresco dining, entertaining or simply relaxing and soaking up the Mediterranean lifestyle.  

The apartment has three double bedrooms and two bathrooms.  The main bedroom is ensuite.  All bedrooms have fitted wardrobes. The bedroom also has balcony doors leading out to the fabulous terrace.  Imagine waking up with a lovely cup of coffee and stepping out to such a wonderful terrace.

Located in a beautifully maintained gated urbanisation with communal gardens and communal swimming pools. The location of this urbanisation is unbeatable. Whilst being on the mountainside, surrounded by the mystical Casares mountains, you are just a 15 minute walk (or within 2 minute drive) from the stunning Casares Coastline and the well-renowned 'La Sal' Chringuito (beach restaurant). You can walk along the Casares coast to neighbouring Sabinillas.  The beach has been awarded the Blue Flag, a distinction awarded by the European Foundation for Environmental Education.  The beach promenade or paseo has a selection of quality tapas bars, restaurants, and beach chirinquitos offering a variety of local and international cuisine.  You can continue to follow the promenade to the popular Marina de la Duquesa.


If you are a keen golfer, you are across the road from Casares Golf and a five-minute walk, from the 6 star Finca Cortesin resort and clubhouse. Casares offers the perfect blend of old and new - within a 10-minute drive, you can be up in the whitewashed village of Casares. Casares is also known for its gastronomy - with lots of traditional 'ventas ' ( Spanish restaurants) all the way up Casares road.  If you fancy a day out shopping, Marbella is only 25 minutes away, and Gibraltar is within commutable distance.  The popular seaside town of Estepona with its cobbled streets and stunning promenade, is only a 10-minute drive away. 

This is a fabulously property - great property, great location and fabulous communal area.

Come view with me!