4B/3B Duplex Penthouse in Manilva, 200 metres from the beach

This is a superb 4 bedroom duplex penthouse apartment is situated just 200 metres from the beach in Manilva. The complex has 2 swimming pools set within well maintained gardens and easy street parking. The property is arranged over 2 floors and offers a large lounge/dining area with access onto the sheltered terrace furnished with a dining table and chairs, a gas BBQ and offers lovely views over the pool area to the sea. The modern kitchen has a convenient serving hatch through to the lounge and also benefits from a utility terrace where the washing machine is housed. Three of the bedrooms are located on the lower floor. One bedroom is fitted with bunk beds and has a built-in wardrobe. The second bedroom is furnished with a double bed and also has fitted wardrobes. Both these bedrooms use the guest shower room fitted with a walk in shower. The third bedroom is furnished with a king size bed and benefits from its own on suite bathroom with the bath fitted with an overhead shower. Upstairs is the master bedroom suite which is very spacious and offers fitted wardrobes, a king size bed, an A/C unit with hot and cold and a private terrace with 2 sun loungers. The on-suite bathroom has both a jacuzzi bath and a separate walk in shower.

Situated on the western side of the Costa del Sol, this is a great area to enjoy sight-seeing trips to Gibraltar and Sotogrande. There is the lovely Port of Duquesa and further along past Algeciras you can watch or take part in kite surfing and water sports at the beautiful beaches of Tarifa Sabinillas, located between Casares and Duquesa, has grown from a fishing village into a bustling town, yet has managed to maintain its village atmosphere, making it a popular place for holidays and draws many holiday goers year round. It also enjoys a welcoming, international expat community. The village benefits from an underpass for traffic travelling along the coast and also has a lovely 2km seafront promenade to enjoy a walk in the sunshine and stop and enjoy a fantastic fish and seafood meal. The town offers many plazas or squares and municipal gardens offering a real taste of Spain, and is a host to many pavement cafes, bars, restaurants, supermarkets and every day amenities along the Avenida Manilva. Sabinillas hosts weekly markets and rastros to visit and enjoy the whole Spanish experience. The expansive stretches of beach along this western part of the Costa del Sol include some coveted Blue Flag beaches and offer a more rural and tranquil beach experience. The local fishermen still use the beach to launch and land their boats and bring in their haul of the day.

Penthouse Duplex, Manilva, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 104 m², Terrace 66 m².

Setting : Close To Shops, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C.
Views : Sea, Garden, Pool.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Entry Phone.
Parking : Garage, Covered, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Resale.
