Penthouse for Sale in Emare, Estepona Este

Tranquility and luxury in a unique beachfront setting!

This luxurious 4-bedroom penthouse is offered for sale in the super prestigious beachfront residence of Emare, on the New Golden Mile of Estepona, one of the most sought-after areas of the Costa del Sol. Surrounded by similar high-end properties, 28 luxury residences with a generous concept of space and a modern and elegant design, are situated on a completely closed and private plot of almost 20,000 m², which has a unique and controlled entrance, both for pedestrians and cars. There is a private pedestrian exit to the beach with fingerprint access control. The impressive and modern Mediterranean-style gardens surround the residential area and extend like a large green meadow between the residence and the sea. There is a new concept of overflowing outdoor infinity pool with salt chlorination. Swimming all year round in this heated pool that blends with the blue water of the sea and the green gardens gives a final touch to probably the most exclusive and luxurious property in the area.

Your home will be close to all the amenities of the coastal resorts of Estepona, San Pedro and Marbella, the famous Puerto Banús, a number of restaurants, bars, supermarkets and shops, golf courses, international schools and other services.

The fabulous south-facing penthouse of 359 m² has spacious terraces of 278 m² where you can enjoy the mild and pleasant climate of the Costa del Sol, with all the extras totaling 785 m². This spectacular property has a hall, a fully equipped American kitchen with high-end furniture and appliances, a large living-dining room with access to the panoramic terrace, 4 en-suite bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and a dressing room equipped to the last detail, 5 bathrooms and a guest toilet. The house has its own elevator for easy access to the solarium area with stunning views. On the lower level, there is a basement/storage room with the same finishes as the house, and a laundry room.

This brand new beachfront penthouse is sold in excellent condition and with many luxury features. Every detail has been taken care of to the maximum, optimizing quality and comfort. It has an automatic home system, the air conditioning, access and the Dolby Stereo sound system installed in the house are controlled from the living room and from any mobile device, a jacuzzi, underfloor heating throughout the house, private garage, etc.

Perfect opportunity to acquire your own exceptional Mediterranean beachfront property, a home where a new lifestyle of luxury with open spaces of innovative design encompasses the latest technology and top quality materials.