This lovely finca is located in a quiet location, on a fully fenced flat piece of land measuring 3361m2 in the municipality of Alhaurin de la Torre, in the area known as Partido La Alqueria. Road access if very good with Málaga airport only a short 20 minutes' drive away. The finca is also conveniently located within 10 minutes' walk to three local restaurants. 

The house is distributed over one floor with the pool area sitting slightly elevated. The house consists of a large conservatory spanning the full width of the property with hot/cold air conditioning and ample space for seating and dining. Step inside the property into the hallway and on either side, you have two double bedrooms. Continue though and you enter the dining room with open fire place, electric panel heater and a hot/cold air conditioning unit. To the left is a separate fully fitted kitchen which includes gas hob, oven, washing machine, fridge freezer and dishwasher. The main bathroom is also situated off the dining room which boasts bath with overhead shower. In here you will also find the electric boiler which has a 150 ltr water tank. Beyond the dining room is a separate living area, again with an open fire place, electric panel heater, hot/cold air conditioning unit and patio doors leading outside to the pool area. From this room you can access a large storage room with power sockets which could be used as a small study. On the left is the master bedroom with built in storage, en-suite shower room and views of the terrace. 

Outside there is a lovely pool area, all tiled with charcol BBQ, an outbuilding which could be converted into a bar/kitchen, a wooden pergola offering a shaded seating area, and stairs which lead to a roof terrace on top of the finca with far recaching views. Furthermore, you will find a selection for fruit trees, ample space for growing your own vegetables, water irrigation with deposit tank, a pre-fabricated shed and a 38m2 double garage. The plot is flat with parking for several cars.

 The finca is in excellent condition with town water. It is south facing with views towards Sierra de Mijas. 

For more information, please contact one agent of our sales team.

ABOUT ALHAURIN DE LA TORRE

Alhaurín de la Torre is a town full of life and atmosphere located in the province of Malaga, just 20 minutes by car from Málaga International Airport.

The streets of the old town still retain part of it's Moorish style. It has numerous educational centres, sports facilities, cyclist lanes; and its public gardens and parks are absolutely stunning. 

Traditionally, like all the towns in the Guadalhorce Valley, it was an agricultural town, where plantations of oranges, lemons and olive trees still cover its landscape. However, thanks to the expansion of the metropolitan area of ​​Malaga and its proximity to the Costa del Sol, it was forced to grow and switch to a more modern construction style as the main source of the town's economy. This has changed it into a modern town, offering a large number of commercial premises and fantastic restaurant, amongst many others.

Its location makes this town an idyllic place to live, surrounded by nature but yet very close to the beaches the Costa del Sol has to offer. 





The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.