A lovely traditional style 4 bed, 4.5 bath villa on a 1700m2 plot in a prime front line golf location in El Paraiso Alto (Benahavis).  The villa oozes Andalucian charm with ample living space internally and externally, with many great features, including a spacious lounge with open fireplace, separate dining room, a large heated private pool, large garden, garage and numerous terraces on which to enjoy the Spanish sunshine.  Although the property is constructed in the traditional Andalucian style, many aspects of the interior have been upgraded, including brand new floors, kitchen, bathrooms and hot/cold aircon throughout.  The property has an south east orientation, but the garden is large enough to be able to enjoy the sunshine at pretty much any time of the day.  The lower tier of the garden is very private and overlooks the golf course.

In addition to the lounge, dining room and kitchen, the villa has 3 bedrooms on the ground floor, all of which have en-suite bathrooms and 2 of which have direct access to the pool area.  There is also a large master bedroom with dressing area and en-suite bathroom with a bath and separate walk-in shower on the upper floor.  The master bedroom boasts its own spacious private terrace, with ample space for sun loungers and a dining table and chairs, from which the views of the golf course and La Concha mountain are even more spectacular.

The elevated position of the villa overlooking El Paraiso golf course affords lovely open views of the golf course and La Concha mountain and it would be possible for a new owner to install a direct access to the golf course, if required, with the only condition being that the owner is a member of El Paraiso Golf.

The property is located in the El Paraiso Alto community, which comes under the auspices of Benahavis municipality, so local taxes are lower than surrounding municipalities and is conveniently located for easy access to Benahavis village, Estepona, Marbella and the world famous Puerto Banus, all of which are within a 15-30 min drive and around a 5-10 min drive to the nearest beaches in the Costalita area.

Malaga and Gibraltar airports are approx. 50 mins drive to the East and West respectively.

Ideal as a full time family home, holiday home or rental investment.

Must be seen to be fully appreciated.

Detached Villa, El Paraiso, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 267 m², Terrace 42 m², Garden/Plot 1708 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South
Condition : Good, Recently Refurbished.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Golf, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Storage Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Marble Flooring.
Furniture : Optional.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Landscaped.
Security : Alarm System, Safe.
Parking : Garage.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Luxury, Resale.
