This Altos de Cortesin apartment is beautifully presented and located in the exclusive,  5 star, Finca Cortesin Estate, in the municipality of Casares.

This luxury, first floor apartment is built to very a high quality specification.  This apartment has views across the pool and looks out across to the Finca Cortesin golf course and the Finca Cortesin Hotel, with the sea in the distance

The entrance is through a brightly covered atrium and through a magnificent fortified oak panel doorway. The Italian marble entrance hallway leads through to the large dining-living room area & on through to a magnificent covered dining & sitting terrace area.  From the hallway, opposite is a separate fitted and equipped, modern kitchen & utility area with Siemens appliances. The apartment has excellent quality specifications.  Daikin&#039;s top quality air conditioning is throughout, with individual controls in all rooms.

There are 2 good sized bedrooms with 2 bathrooms.The main double bedroom has an ensuite bathroom and also has direct access to the main terrace.  The second bedroom has a lovely Juliet balcony.   All the bathroom areas have; quality neutral marble tiling, white sanitary fittings and underfloor heating. Shower areas are completely clear glazed with chrome steel taps & thermostats.

This 2-bedroom Altos de Cortesin apartment has great outdoor space, perfect for dining al fresco and making the most of the Mediterranean climate.   

The apartment comes with underground parking space and a secure storage room. Access to the first floor is via staircase or lift access. 

The apartment is part of a secure gated complex on the western side of The Finca Cortesin Hotel & Golf complex. This is an exclusive Andalucian-style development painted a brilliant white, giving the urbanisation a clean and elegant feel. The architects have worked hard to keep it in with the Andalucian theme and have presented a beautiful complex which fits in with its surrounding.  There are lush gardens, beautiful flowers, mature palm trees and a feeling that you are in an oasis.  The urbanisation has fabulous communal gardens and communal pools.  


Finca Cortesin is a well-renowned five-star resort with a luxury hotel & spa, a prestigious golf club (hosts to the 2023 Solheim Cup) and several world class restaurants.  It is a short, 2-minute drive away from the blue flag beaches of Casares and its stunning coast.  The location is second to none. Whilst you can enjoy the privacy, exclusivity of the Finca Cortesin, you are also close to amenities - within 5 minutes you can be in the town of Sabinillas with its cafes, restaurants, banks and post office. The town of Estepona is only a 10-minute drive away and is a lovely blend of old and new with the typical cobbled streets and the beautiful Marina.  For those who love the mountains, the spectacular white-washed village of Casares is only 10 minutes away.

Casares is well connected. You can easily access two international airports - Gibraltar and Málaga. Marbella and Puerto Banus are only 20 minutes away.

Come view with me!