UNIQUE PROPERTY
This amazing "old Finca" on the top of the Mijas Mountain was refurbished years ago applying high standard qualities which turned this into a spacious and one-of-a-kind family home "villa".
With a little love, tender and care it can easily be made into an outstanding Bed and breakfast business. 
The main house exists of an enormous spacious lounge with a lovely fireplace that leads onto a terrace of over 100 m2 with the most stunning and breathtaking views. 
Living a sunrise or sunset from this outstanding property leaves anyone breathless and cannot be beaten. Looking over the Mijas valley towards the Mediterranean ocean all the way up to the north of Africa and Marocco which on clear days can be clearly appreciated will amaze you again and again.
The kitchen is right beside the lounge and also has straight access to the terrace and can easily be made in to an open plan kitchen by removing the wall between the lounge and kitchen.
Next you will find 3 enormous big bedrooms with each an ensuite bathroom. One of the bedrooms has an extra room which can be transformed and used easily as a dressing room.
Also there is an extra guest toilet right at the entrance which is part of a very a spacious hallway.
From the lounge you can access the top floor where you will find the master bedroom with another lovely picturesque terrace with breathtaking views like anywhere from the property with an ensuite bathroom leading into a second room which can be used as a dressing room, children's room or office.
Separate from the main house one floor down there is a complete self-contained apartment with one-bedroom, complete kitchen and big bathroom and 2 terraces and a picturesque little yard as you enter this apartment.
Another storey down you can enjoy a nice deep swimming pool and right beside it there is a flat area which is absolutely perfect for yoga classes or any other sports or to do the complete opposite and relax, read a book or just enjoy the views and breath clean and fresh air from our Sierra de Mijas.
The total plot of land exists of more than 2500 m2.
This property must be seen to appreciate these wonderful views.
