Exceptional panoramic views in the heart of Malaga

Located in the coveted Ejido neighborhood, this spectacular apartment offers a unique experience of urban life in Malaga. From its privileged position, you will enjoy impressive panoramic views that cover the entire city, from the emblematic rooftops to the historical monuments such as the majestic Cathedral and the imposing Alcazaba. Furthermore, the horizon merges perfectly with the Mediterranean Sea, offering an incomparable perspective that will captivate your senses.

Space and comfort for the whole family

With a total of 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, this spacious apartment provides a lifestyle and comfort for the whole family. Each bedroom offers a cozy and calm atmosphere, while the bathrooms guarantee functionality and elegance, both with a shower tray and one of them with a window to the outside. From the living room you can go out to the terrace, which is currently glazed, includes a completely independent kitchen equipped with storage spaces that gives access to a laundry room, which provides more relief.

This exclusive apartment is equipped with two elevators, ensuring easy and convenient access to all areas of the home. In addition, it has all the modern comforts to satisfy your daily needs, the access to the building, doorman, main door is being new, all modernized to facilitate day-to-day life.

Live the charm of Malaga from your own home. Don't miss the opportunity to acquire this real estate gem that offers a perfect combination of privileged location, spectacular views and exceptional amenities. Come and discover the charm of Malaga from the comfort of your own home!

In compliance with the decree of the Junta de Andalucía 218-2005 of October 11, clients are informed that notary, registration and I. T. P. expenses are not included in the price. We remind you that as a consumer you have the right to be informed and delivered the corresponding informative documentation, as the case may be, based on the provisions of Decree 218/05 of October 11 that regulates the Regulation of Consumer Information in the purchase -sale and rental of homes in Andalusia.