This super Pueblo Camelot apartment has lovely south facing terraces with views over the pool, gardens and the sea. Pueblo Camelot is a mature and well established complex with beautifully landscaped sub-tropical gardens with walkways, water features and a spectacular lagoon swimming pool.

Pueblo Camelot is found on the urbanization of Los Hidalgos, which is conveniently located on the coast at La Duquesa, situated between Estepona and Sotogrande. It is only a short 15 minute walk to the beach and beautiful marina of La Duquesa. Here there is a vast array of shops, bars and restaurants. Furthermore, Los Hidalgos also boasts a convenient commercial centre, with various shops, supermarkets, restaurants and gym – all a short walk from this property.   In addition, there is a selection of high quality golf courses nearby as well.

The property is located on the first floor and in very good original condition, having been lovingly maintained by the current owners. The entrance leads to a spacious bright living room and dining area which leads to a large south facing terrace.  This terrace enjoys super views over the beautiful mature gardens, swimming pool and to the sea.  Its a lovely place to relax or entertain in the sun. The kitchen is fully fitted and open plan with a breakfast bar. A hall leads to the sleeping accommodation. This comprises of 2 large guest bedrooms, each with large fitted wardrobes, and one of the bedrooms has a private sunny terrace and views to the gardens and sea. The bedrooms are also served by a good sized family bathroom with plenty of storage. The Master bedroom is spacious with fitted wardrobes and an en suite bathroom. This bedroom also has a view to the sea.

This Pueblo Camelot apartment is in good condition and ready for immediate occupation. Some minor updates to the kitchen and bathrooms would enhance this fabulous property even further, but not essential.

An lovely and bright property with generous room sizes throughout, in a beautiful complex. An ideal holiday home with rental potential, or as more permanent residence.

The traditional white villages of Manilva, Casares and Gaucín are a pleasant drive away. The historical and cultural cities of Cadiz, Seville, Granada and Jerez are all within driving distance and definitely worth visiting.  The area is served by two airports.  Gibraltar can be reached in 20 mins and Malaga in under an hour.