This captivating totally private residence is set within the leafy suburbs of Marbella and is surrounded by lush greenery and natural vegetation whilst being in close proximity to all major amenities including international schools, high end shopping and a myriad of international restaurants and bars. 

Extensively built at over 800 m2, and located on a comprehensive plot of 2300 m2, the property was completely renovated 5 years ago to the highest degree and with incredible attention to detail. Boasting 6 bedrooms and 7 bathrooms, space is something in plentiful supply!  

The ground floor is nothing short of spectacular with expansive living areas that are all connected through spacious hallways, brightly and naturally lit by floor to ceiling glass sliding windows and doors that allow natural light to flood into every corner. The open plan kitchen is exquisite in its design and decoration. The kitchens island unit takes centre stage and overlooks the vast seating area around an adjacent dining table complete with bar stool style high chairs showing of a flourish of bright colour which complements the chestnut wood that the kitchens units display. The kitchen is fully equipped with Gaggenau appliances and subtle recessed lighting works in conjunction with the natural daylight shines in from the glorious terrace outside. 

Colossal sliding doors open to merge the indoor with the outdoor living area, a space exquisitely decorated and wisely used! A deluxe mahogany wooden top dining table seating 10 takes pride of place under a shady terrace, and is looked on by an elegant seating area displaying a custom designed sofa. The undercover terrace can be sheltered from any summer winds (or winter showers) by way of large curtains that can be pulled across creating a sense of privacy.

To the other side of the terrace dining table is another kitchen, fully equipped with its own island unit with a mahogany wood countertop, a modern barbecue and is further completed by a sink and plenty of cupboard storage space, all sleek and cleanly cut out in stainless steel. The entire kitchen overlooks the gardens, nearby chill out zones,  and surrounding shrubbery through large windows.  Bar stools at one end ensure any guests can watch the chef at work whilst enjoying a cocktail of choice!

From many a vantage point along the immense terraces, the beautifully manicured gardens can be fully appreciated, as can the sizeable swimming pool and relaxing seating areas.  There are plenty of sun loungers that overlook the pool, from two different levels,  as well as a day bed, and the garden is also equipped with a stone surround chic shower.

There are 4 double bedrooms (with the possibility to increase to 6),all with access to the gardens through elegant sliding terrace doors, and all of which are accessed by resplendent hallways with flattering overhead lighting throughout. Most enjoy extravagant ensuite bathrooms which are sleek and almost sexy, dressed finely in neutral colours combined with natural materials, creating a sense of peace and tranquility.  Vast walk in showers are on offer with floor to ceiling glass screens. The master suite is on the upper floor and boasts a private balcony terrace over looking the swimming pool and tranquil gardens. Complete with glass fronted walk in wardrobe spaces this suite is opulent yet stylish. 

The property also boasts 2 guest apartments and an office along with a private gym and throughout has been finished with the highest quality additional extras including a smart home Domotic system, underfloor heating, security cameras throughout, a heated swimming. pool and both an underground garage for 2 vehicles plus an exterior carport for a further 8 vehicles. 

Set in this leafy urban oasis of a residential area located near Marbella, boasting high security measures in the urbanization, this property is a residence that feels as though it is within a private estate,  offering total luxury and comfort at a most elegant and opulent level.  You can visit anytime you wish, but you may never want to leave!