Ground floor apartment with private garden and two bedrooms, for sale in this beautiful and charming Andalusian-style project, Casares Beach, a residential complex located in the picturesque area of Bahía de Casares.
The properties have easy access to the beach, just a few minutes' walk away.
It is next to the exclusive Doña Julia Golf Resort and is only a couple of minutes drive from the port of Duquesa, where you can find many local shops, restaurants and services.
Casares beach is just a few minutes drive from Estepona, a beautiful Mediterranean town known as "The Garden of Andalusia".

Casares Beach has been built in a beautiful Mediterranean style of low density architecture with only three floors in each block.
All properties overlook the large central swimming pool and baby pool which includes a dressing room; the complex has beautiful mature mediterranean gardens, many fountains, grassy courtyards and beautiful lighting at night. The development is a gated community.
The style of the apartment is two bedrooms with a large living room and access to the large terrace closed with glass curtains, so it may require an extension to the living room, from the terrace there is an exit to the private garden and pool and gardens. community.
The kitchen of the house is spacious and has a table to eat and also has a laundry.
The master bedroom is en suite with a shower, it has many closets and access to the terrace.
The second bedroom is double with fitted wardrobes and shares a bathroom with a hydromassage bathtub with the rest of the house.
The apartment has excellent qualities, not only does it have spacious and airy interiors and a large terrace and/or private garden, but the luxury interiors are finished to the highest standards.
The floor is marble in all rooms and the kitchen is fully equipped with high quality appliances, hot and cold air conditioning, en-suite bathrooms, fitted wardrobes, separate laundry room and luxurious decoration.

The apartment includes underground parking and a very large storage room.

Located close to local services such as supermarkets, restaurants, shops, pharmacies, etc.

Casares beach is, without a doubt, a perfect opportunity to acquire a "beach property" on the Costa del Sol and at an unbeatable price and Casares Beach is the top urbanization to enjoy.

Contact us for more information about this magnificent opportunity.