MAGNIFICENT VILLA OF EXCELLENT QUALITIES IN PACO CANTOS AREA (MARBELLLA)!!!
You will find few houses in Marbella, Marbella with these wonderful dimensions and as central as this wonderful Villa.
It is the Villa with the most built meters in the area and has more than 1,000 m2. The Villa is perfectly located to move into and enjoy.
This wonderful home has 11 bedrooms and 11 bathrooms, all en-suite. Upon entering the Villa we find a wonderful entrance with a spectacular staircase with marble steps and at the same time you can see that a magnificent and luminous large lamp adds a touch of elegance. On the 1st floor we find a wonderful kitchen with a wonderful island. It has white walls and furniture that makes the light stand out without having to consume it. On the same floor there is a good dining room and a large living room that opens directly to the wonderful terrace and pool of the house. On this same floor is one of the main suite rooms of the house. We go up to the 2nd floor and find 4 of the rooms and all of them en suite. On the ground floor we have the other 6 remaining rooms and also all with en-suite bathrooms. On this same floor you will find a beautiful living room adapted for the young members of the family where they can enjoy games and privacy among friends and family. The living room has direct access to the garden. On this floor is the covered garage with more than 5 spaces and has direct access to an elevator that can take you to the 1st and 2nd floors of the house. The pool is not very deep so that all the friends and family in the house can enjoy it.
It is so well located that just a step away you will find schools, a bus stop, pharmacies, restaurants, the beach, the historic center, all of this is within walking distance. By car, Puerto Banús is 5 minutes away, you can find the A7 in just 1 minute and Malaga airport in 30 minutes. The Villa has more impact when you really see it with your own eyes, so don't hesitate to schedule a visit, you will surely enjoy it.