MONTHLY RENT FROM NOVEMBER TO MARCH: MONTH + ELECTRICITY + FINAL CLEANING. MINIMUM STAY OF ONE MONTH. WE DO NOT DO ANNUAL RENTALS

We welcome you to our holiday home located on the first line of golf in Elviria Hills, Marbella, 5 minutes by car from the beach, supermarkets, bars and restaurants with high-speed Internet and Smart TV.

The apartment is on one floor and consists of 2 bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen, 2 bathrooms and a spacious terrace of 20 m2.

The dining room is divided into 3 rooms, in room number one there is the living room furnished with a chaise-longue sofa, a coffee table and an articulated smart TV; In room number two there is the dining room with a table for 4 people and the third room is the perfect place to relax or have a glass of wine in the two armchairs and the low table that has been provided for this purpose. Connected to the living room there is a room designed as a work area with its desk and chair.

The kitchen is fully furnished with the best appliances, refrigerator, oven, microwave, coffee maker, toaster, kettle, etc. and equipped with all the necessary utensils for the day to day of the guest, crockery, cutlery, glassware and kitchenware.

The two bedrooms have been designed with great detail for the well-being of our clients, the two rooms have been provided with double beds, side tables, lamps and a shelf to support suitcases, in addition to having spacious built-in wardrobes. The main room is en suite with walk-in shower and rain shower, double sink and amenities. The second bathroom has been designed with a walk-in shower and double sink.

The large terrace overlooking the garden has its chill out room and outdoor dining room. The apartment has air conditioning, heating, WIFI and a parking space.

We provide you with bed linen and bath towels, so you don&#039;t have to worry about a thing and just enjoy your vacation.


In the urbanization you can enjoy the two community swimming pools, the golf course that is inside, with a driving range and a community center with a gym, sauna, massage room, and tennis court, the latter has a additional charge and you can opt for the daily, weekly or monthly ticket.

Also in the urbanization is the restaurant &quot;El Lago&quot;. At lunch time it is a normal restaurant and at night it becomes a Michelin star restaurant.

Don&#039;t hesitate to ask us and enjoy your vacation with us!!