Luxurious villa with classic style external architecture. Located on a beautiful hill overlooking the sea, within walking distance to the social club of  famous Marbella Golf Club Resort,Benahavis. The house is almost ready to move in and is equipped, with the exception of some details of Italian furniture for bathrooms and kitchen, where the final installation work is currently going on.
The layout of the house is distributed as follows:
The plot of the house can be entered through an automatic gate , where there is a large parking area.
At the entrance to the house there is an entrance hall with a guest toilet, a large bright living room with beautiful arched windows, passing through which we get into the kitchen, fully equipped with high-quality household appliances and Provence style kitchen designer furniture. On the same floor there is a bedroom, a gym room with a Turkish sauna and a toilet. From the living room there is a panoramic view of the sea and golf. From the living room you can go out to the garden and to the infinity pool with beautiful views of the sea and golf.

On the second floor there is a large master bedroom with panoramic sea views and access to a balcony, and a beautiful ensuite bathroom.
In addition, there are 3 additional bedrooms and bathrooms.
The house benefits from individually controlled air conditioning to each room , underfloor heating throughout the house, including the basement.

The ground floor is a large room with windows and natural light, where there are two separate apartments with their own equipped kitchens, bedrooms and living room, with a separate independent entrance from the street. In addition, on this level, there are several storage rooms, a laundry and ironing room, as well as a large empty room that can be equipped to suit your needs, for example, install a cinema hall, a billiard room with a bar or a bodega, etc.

This lovely family home is sure to be suitable for permanent living with all the amenities at the highest level.