This well positioned apartment bright and spacious penthouse is in the popular Los Granados de la Duquesa, Manilva Costa Del Sol. Front line beach property between the marina of La Duquesa and the charming village of El Castillo. This is 5 bedrooms with fitted wardrobes in the rooms, and 3 bathrooms, two of the bedrooms have direct access to the main terrace, a fully fitted new kitchen with a laundry area, 42 m2 bright spacious living room opens out to a good size southeast terrace of 63 m2 which benefits of stunning panoramic views to the beach, Duquesa port, part of the coast and communal gardens.

The urbanization has gated access directly out onto the beach. The community offers 24-hour security/concierge, one swimming pool open all year and lovely communal gardens. 
The apartment is in good all-round order and viewing is highly recommended.A garage for two cars and storage are included in the price.

The location, Puerto de la Duquesa is one of the Costa del Sol's best marinas. Although within easy reach of the airports and train station of Málaga (60 min), Gibraltar (45 min), Estepona (10 min), Sotogrande (10 min), and Marbella (30 min).
La Duquesa is far enough from the noise but close to everything you need. The beautiful port of La Duquesa offers full Marina services for boating enthusiasts as well. The attractive promenades surrounding the port offer a variety of restaurants, shops, and bars to spend endearing moments.


Penthouse, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
5 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 168 m², Terrace 63 m².

Setting : Beachfront, Commercial Area, Beachside, Close To Golf, Close To Port, Close To Shops, Close To Town, Close To Schools, Close To Marina, Urbanisation, Front Line Beach Complex.
Orientation : East, South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Children`s Pool.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C, Cold A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Beach, Port, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, WiFi, Storage Room, Utility Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Double Glazing, Restaurant On Site, Near Church, Fiber Optic, Handicap access.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex, Electric Blinds, 24 Hour Security, Safe.
Parking : Garage, More Than One, Communal.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Beachfront, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
