OPPORTUNITY , An impressive villa of 730 m2 built area, on a large 2400 m2 plot with mature private gardens with a large pool and landscaped gardens and views down to the sea.
The villa has recently been completely renovated to a very high standard in a classical style by the owner and must be seen.

The villa is approached via a short road which leads to the villa in a a Cul de sac and entered through large automatic doors followed by a long private driveway leading around to the main entrance with a large covered area outside with parking for up to 6 cars and a large double garage of 136 m2 with automatic doors.

The main house is entered through large double height oak doors into a impressive reception area consisting of a magnificent double sided staircase leading to an internal balcony from the left hand side and the right hand side of the reception area which is overlooking down to the entire entrance /reception area.
The reception area leads into the main living and dining rooms with an open fire place and fantastic views through the full height glass windows out to the pool and gardens.
The main kitchen is entered from the living area and consists of a recently fitted luxury new kitchen equipped to a very high quality level with all high end equipment and hand made kitchen units with a island, a fantastic area for entertaining connecting to the pool terrace area and outside bar and bbq .
The staff quarters are also located on the ground floor to the rear of the villa nearby to the kitchen area separated by a large utility room.
Leading from the main living area is also a separate reading room which connects through to an impressive office area which opens onto the gardens, also located to this area is a large double bedroom with ensuite bathroom on the ground floor.
The first floor is accessed via two impressive double height curved stairways on the left hand and right hand side of the reception area connecting with a balcony overlooking the reception area.
To the left of the upper level are two double ensuite bedrooms with large terraces overlooking the gardens and pool area and to the right of the building is another double bedroom with ensuite bathroom and large terrace all with sea views.

The villa is located in an exclusive and private area not overlooked, close to the sea, all amenities within walking distance and 10 minutes drive to San Pedro, Puerto Banuis and Marbella.
