Penthouse Duplex for Sale in Palo Alto, Ojen

This exclusive 3-bedroom, 2-level penthouse for sale is located in the new gated residential complex of Palo Alto, Ojen, just a few kilometers north of Marbella. The high-end eco-development offers the most luxurious lifestyle and is renowned for its spectacular mountainous surroundings, unforgettable panoramic views of the sea and mountains, beautiful modern-style properties, and many luxury amenities. The community features a gated entrance, 24-hour security and concierge services, a Health Club with a magnificent gym, a SPA center with sauna, Hammam, jacuzzi, and heated indoor pool, a Social Club and workspace for collaboration, and even a farmer's market. Lush gardens surround the outdoor pools, sunbathing and relaxation areas, and tennis and paddle courts.

Surrounded by the idyllic Andalusian nature and similar high-end properties, the modern south-facing duplex of 158 m² plus 136 m² of terraces plus a 144 m² solarium has been created with the highest specifications. Offering its residents maximum comfort and functionality, it features an open-plan living room, dining area, and elegant fully equipped kitchen with an island, 3 serene bedrooms, 3 modern bathrooms, and a guest toilet. Glass doors let in the sun and natural light and provide a seamless connection between the rooms and the terraces. The private, sunny, and covered terraces and the solarium invite you to enjoy the spectacular panorama and the warm and mild climate of the Costa del Sol. The luxury property also benefits from 3 parking spaces in a garage and a storage room.

This beautiful home is sold in excellent condition, tastefully furnished, well-decorated, and superbly equipped. Neutral colors based on beige create a relaxing atmosphere and a noble image. The apartment features many amenities that will make your life safe and super comfortable. It is equipped with an elevator, air conditioning, underfloor heating, automatic irrigation system, electric shutters, video intercom, double glazing, fitted wardrobes, Internet - Wi-Fi, and satellite TV. Move in and start enjoying a modern and luxurious lifestyle right away.