South facing 3-bed duplex penthouse in West Estepona boasting sea views from all terraces. Newly built with modern, high-quality finishes, this stunning property offer a large living area with open-plan kitchen, master bedroom with ensuite bathroom, and two double guest bedrooms. Off the lounge there is a large terrace and access to a solarium, ideal for sun bathing, barbecues and outdoor entertaining. The community offers well tended gardens and a large swimming pool and is situated near to shops, golf courses and the beautiful beaches of Estepona.

There is an unwavering charm about Estepona - starting years back as a small fishing town, it´s grown in abundance and now occupies a respectable stretch of the coast linked by the New Golden Mile as its now known.  In recent years, Estepona has had some fantastic regenerating boosts with perfect results - a beautifully kept and still traditional Spanish whitewash town, with pedestrianised flower lined postcard quality backstreets.  Also, a new theatre, sports grounds, beautifully painted wall murals, and an Orchidarium to name a few.  Up next is a new hospital and a fantastic amount of development into some stunning brand-new luxury real estate.  Add that to a multitude of kid's parks, bars, shops, cafes, a bustling fun marina that's home to the Sunday market and a choice of clean easy access beaches including Cristo Beach which sits in a cove and is a hidden gem of the area.  Neighbouring towns such as San Pedro and Duquesa Port are easily accessed which makes this a great spot to get out and about from. Estepona is also a convenient location for Gibraltar.  This really is the ideal location for pure Spanish charm at its best. 

While we always make utmost efforts to keep property availability and prices fully up to date, please be advised that any current displayed details are subject to change without notice due to sales activities.

Rest assured, our listings are checked and updated weekly for pricing and availability.