If you are looking to escape to the country, with very good access to a local town, and experience a new way of life or maybe you are looking at starting up an exciting new air B and B business, then look no further as this lovely finca, situated on the periphery of the town of Coín has it all on offer.

 Situated on a manageable plot of 1545m2, and being the last house on the track, therefore no passing traffic, this property offers ample opportunity for any buyer wishing to run a holiday let business or wonts a large family home.

 Outside there is ample parking for several cars with two separate car ports also available. There are several storage units scattered around the plot. You have a large swimming pool which sits in a private garden to the rear. In the garden you will also find a selection of fruit and nut trees with ample space to plant more. 

Inside, the finca is split into two separate dwellings. On the top floor you have the main residence, which boast some stunning views from the open terrace towards the Siera de las Nieves National Park. The terrace is partially covered which also overlooks the pool and garden. Inside there is an entrance porch, separate fully fitted kitchen which has recently been installed, a large living/dining room with a log burner and hot/cold air conditioning. Furthermore, you have two double bedrooms, both with built in storage as well as a family shower room.

 Beneath the main residence, is a separate guest apartment which can be used as a three bedroom, however, please note that two of the bedrooms only have internal windows into the inner hallway and living area. You will also find another family shower room on this floor. The living area is open plan with fully fitted kitchen which leads out to a covered terrace overlooking the pool and garden.

 The finca has very good access, main electricity, town water, hot/cold air conditioning, solar hot water boiler, and above all, privacy (without being too far off the beaten track),

 For more information, please contact a member of our sales team. 


The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.