An exceptional villa offered for sale in one of the most sought after locations in Nueva Andalucia.

The traditional architect of the villa now benefits from a top quality modern interior and exterior space created by one of Marbella&apos;s leading reform specialists.

The luxury home occupies an elevated position and is set in a tranquil cul de sac and so benefits from both privacy and amazing views.

The extensive high end transformation offers an exquisite fusion of Scandinavian/mediteranean chic.

On entering the villa  you are greeted by a wide staircase finished with a natural hand carved stone flooring, which takes you to the upper level of the home or down to the main living level. 

Going up takes you to two bedrooms made up of the master bedroom and ensuite and a second bedroom with ensuite, both of which have access to a large terrace offering enviable views across the golf valley and out to sea. Furthermore, you will find a home office allowing for privacy and peace while working, with an adjoining living terrace with a seating area to relax on. Throughout the entire property on each level the hand carved natural stone floor continues from internally to externally giving a free-flowing feel, and a magical feel to the home. The highest of qualities throughout this property have been used with natural stones, woods and metals which compliment together offering a uniqueness and special finish.

On the main  living level of the property you are welcomed to an intimate open plan living area with the kitchen, breakfast area, dining area and formal living area where you can entertain the whole family and guests, all of which lead out to second covered outdoor terrace area with a further seating area overlooking the beautifully landscaped garden. The house has been designed to offer and maximise the views on each level out to La Concha which you instantly see and appreciate. Coming off the main living area you then have a further bedroom with ensuite and an informal living area for relaxing, plus a guest washroom.

The lower section of the home is  situated above ground level, you will then discover two further large bedrooms with ensuites with direct access to the rear garden and an additional terrace area, a large family and entertainment area offering a superb area to relax and enjoy with friends and family, with an adjoining pool table and entertainment area with recessed bar. Also, here you will find a bodega wine lounge.

In addition,you also have your laundry and utility area neatly hidden away plus a storage room and technical room for the house, again neatly hidden away. Due to the direct access to the garden this level of the property works perfectly combing extra space for the family, or an area for live in staff and visiting guests with their own space.

Completing the property is the beautifully landscaped garden, the design inspiration comes from a mix of Mediterranean/French Provincial style. With a large pool at the centre of the garden with built in water seating, several seating areas around the garden and a stunning classically designed outdoor covered pool house with alfresco dining area and BBQ, the space acts as the perfect day or night-time entertaining area.