Charming south facing Andalusian style detached villa offering plenty of natural light and stunning views, surrounded by terraces, a private pool and a garage. Situated on a small and quaint urbanization within walking distance to amenities, a shopping center and a variety of fabulous restaurants. 

The apartment located on the first floor offers a large living room and is flooded with an abundance of light, a modern open plan kitchen with a dining area, although it is currently used a second living room, a large double bedroom with build in wardrobes and a bathroom. The living room, kitchen and bedroom all offer direct access out onto the terraces. The living room and bedroom are air conditioned and one of the living rooms has a log burner which is very effective and heats all the rooms on this floor. There is an spacious independent utility room located behind the kitchen and also offers additional storage. 

The guest studio is located on the ground floor and has its own independent access. It comprises of living room /bedroom and a bathroom. 

Outside is a lovely pool, surrounded by terraces, a gazebo offering shade and a garage for a small car plus additional storage. 

From the house and terraces there are lovely views towards the Sierra de Alhaurín and surrounding countryside. 

There is additional open private parking within the premises for one more car. 

The property is located in a quiet area with very good road access to the A355 Marbella / Malaga Road.

ABOUT COIN

 The vibrant town of Coin is a beauty with plenty of history and sights. As you arrive, you will drive through fields of orchards, oranges, lemons, olives, almonds and forests such as Alpujata, La Fuente, El Charco del Infierno and La Albuquera. You will feel a world away from civilisation and indeed Coín is referred to as the town of three hundred orchards.

 Coín has a rich history having been occupied by the Romans, when the town was known as Lacibis, then later as La Cobin, in the 1st century B.C.

There are many lovely squares, known as Plazas, where you can relax with a coffee, listen to the fountains and watch the world go by. Try Plaza de la Via or Plaza Alameda.

When occupied by the Moors, Coín was known as Dacuan and was an important town in the region. Although Coín's economy has largely relied on agriculture, it also has been a producer of marble and ceramics, perhaps you have heard the term ‘green Coín'?



Coin is located 36km south-west of Málaga, at an altitude of 210 metres above sea level overlooking the stunning Guadalhorce Valle. The climate has mild winters and hot summers and more than a third of the days of the year are sunny. Its municipality has an area of 128.4 km2 and welcomes its almost 22,000 inhabitants, who receive the name of coineños or coínos.






The Listing agent for itself and as agent for the vendor gives notice that:
 1. These particulars are only a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers and do not constitute in whole or in part an offer or a Contract. 2. Reasonable endeavours have been made to ensure that the information given in these particulars is materially correct, but any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection, searches, enquiries, and survey as to the correctness of each statement. 3. All statements in these particulars are made without responsibility on the part of Listing agent or the vendor. 4. No statement in these particulars is to be relied upon as a statement or representation of fact. 5. Neither Listing agent nor anyone in its employment or acting on its behalf has authority to make any representation or warranty in relation to this property. 6. Nothing in these particulars shall be deemed to be a statement that the property is in good repair or condition or otherwise nor that any services or facilities are in good working order. 7. Photographs may show only certain parts and aspects of the property at the time when the photographs were taken and you should rely on actual inspection. 8. No assumption should be made in respect of parts of the property not shown in photographs. 9. Any areas, measurements or distances are only approximate. 10. Any reference to alterations or use is not intended to be a statement that any necessary planning, building regulation, listed building or any other consent has been obtained. 11. Amounts quoted are exclusive of Tax if applicable.