Spacious 5 bedroom, 5 bathroom penthouse.
It is the entire top floor of the building (only 5 floors) and has panoramic views - it has been owned by the same family since the 80's so it is ready for a complete refurbishment!

The building is a little dated but the grounds are well kept, there is a large communal pool and elevator.   The amount of internal apartment floor areas and terraces add up to give unprecedented large build of 205sqm , the private and communal parking spaces, the private garage and the exceptional views add to the benefits of this property.

The elevator opens direct to the apartment floor, with two entrances, one to the kitchen and one to the main hall way of the apartment.

Through the main door you enter to a hallway, directly in front (through double doors) is the open living area, open outside terrace, a large lounge with fire placement to the right, another terrace (enclosed) and dining room off to the left with another terrace (enclosed).  Windows all round give panoramic and amazing views, from Malaga right along the coast towards Fuengorila.

To the left of the main entrance, the hallway leads to the 4 main bedrooms.  Master bedroom with ensuite bathroom and direct access to the enclosed terrace (which could be opened again). 3 large double bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, all need updating but all have windows with good views.

To the right of the main entrance, is the kitchen (full renovation needed), a utilities rooms (with the central AC units) and space for laundry etc.  There is a single bedroom and bathroom of the kitchen.  This whole area has immense potential to be totally reconfigured and designed to open up to a kitchen & dining and utilities space with great functionality and spectacular views and light!

This Penthouse needs to be viewed to really appreciate the space on offer, the location, the views and to see the real potential to create a wonderful property!

We are the exclusive agent and have the  keys - so call us to arrange a viewing!

Floor plans available.







