Unique investment opportunity! Single storey house located on a large plot in Elvira with sea and golf views

Unique investment opportunity! The house is on one level and has a large garden with a heated pool and its own well. The well has a filter and a 12 m3 underground tank. The house also features a pond with plants, a waterfall, a fountain, underwater lighting and a 10-zone irrigation system. In addition to buildings such as a garage, a workshop and an independent service house with bathroom and kitchen.

The house consists of a large hall that opens to a large living room; It also has 6 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms; All rooms open to the outside with clear views and large porches currently closed with windows; The building is currently not in a correct state of conservation needs some reform.

Plot: 5,250m2; Buildability: 20% Chalet: 460m2 built, garage: 170m2, service house: 40m2, workshop: 20m2. In total 690m2.

Great opportunity to develop a large plot in Elvira with sea and golf views.

A Land !Unique investment opportunity! In Elviria

Are you an investor looking for a unique opportunity to invest in a prime location? This house located on a 5,250 m2 plot could be the investment you have been looking for. Mostly flat land with very good access and slight slope towards the south-west, with direct and open views towards the sea; It is banked on two flat platforms; one to the south where a pond is located and another to the west where the auxiliary service house is located.

Located in an exclusive area, this plot offers the possibility of building three independent chalets, giving you the opportunity to maximize the return on your investment. With a minimum plot size of 1,000 m2 in the area, this property offers you the space and the possibility of creating three unique homes that offer total privacy as well as being located near the most beautiful white sand beaches in Marbella and which are close to services with easy access. There is a commercial area (Centro Comercial Elviria) approximately 1 km away, offering many amenities, including cafes, shops, offices, supermarkets, banks, as well as beautiful bars and restaurants. The center of Marbella is just a short drive away, approximately 15 minutes.

As the property is located in a highly sought-after area with great accessibility, it presents an attractive investment opportunity. Once completed, the villas could be sold generating significant returns on investment. In addition, the possibility of dividing the plot into three also increases the chances of obtaining a higher return on investment. Investing in this property not only offers the potential for profit, but also allows you to invest in a desirable location that is in high demand from buyers. This unique opportunity cannot be missed, and we invite you to take advantage of it today. This is a perfect location to build a new home!

This huge plot is a truly worthwhile opportunity! Located on a quiet and private street in Elviria.

Elviria is a highly sought after residential area located on the eastern side of Marbella, approximately 15 minutes drive from the center of Marbella and 25 minutes drive from Malaga International Airport. Some of the best international schools are located in Elviria, such as the International English School, the German School and the Ecos School. The area is well equipped with services, restaurants, supermarkets and entertainment venues. Also conveniently located are the Santa María and Santa Clara golf courses, with their respective clubs, as well as two other golf courses; Marbella Golf Club and Río Real Golf, just a short drive away. Elviria offers beautiful sandy beaches with charming beach restaurants and the famous Nikki Beach beach club is located right next to the luxurious five-star Hotel Don Carlos.