Beautiful elevated ground floor apartment that we find in the very prestigious urbanization Los Gazules, with private garden and open views to the Concha mountain and lateral sea view.   It is a very quiet urbanization with lush gardens and has 3 outdoor pools, a large indoor pool with amazing views, GYM and padel court.  As you enter the property you find yourself in a large open hall leading to the lounge and dining area, giving you an instant feeling of "coming home".  This marble floored apartment has 2 bedrooms both with ensuite bathrooms and is very spacious. It also has a good size kitchen with extra laundry area. 

Two terraces, one covered with glass curtains and another open terrace next to it, to enjoy outside breakfast and dining and cool drinks whilst enjoying the Mediterranean lifestyle!  The terrace leads to a very nice private garden, big enough for a table and chairs as well as sunbeds and it can also be used as BBQ area.  The property comes with underground parking and storage. 

The complex has a concierge and is looked after by several gardeners, to keep the mature community gardens in perfect condition! 
Furthermore we find several 18-hole Golf courses in the area, such as Atalaya Golf & Country, El Paraiso Golf Club and Real Club de Golf Guadalmina.  Mercadona is so nearby, you don't even need a car to go shopping.  And you can reach Puerto Banus in 10 minutes by car!   And of course not to forget the Atalaya International school just a few steps away! 
Contact us for a viewing, we have the keys! 

Ground Floor Apartment, Benahavís, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 0 m².

Setting : Commercial Area, Close To Golf, Close To Shops, Close To Schools, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South East.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Communal, Indoor, Heated.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Hot A/C.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Lift, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Gym, Paddle Tennis, Access for people with reduced mobility, Marble Flooring, Barbeque, Double Glazing.
Furniture : Part Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal, Private.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Underground.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water.
Category : Golf, Luxury, Resale.
