Spectacular frontline seaview penthouse with huge solarium with private rooftop pool *****

Only a few steps to the beach. Spectacular frontline seaview penthouse with open plan lounge, kitchen and utility room. Wrap around terrace. 3 Bedrooms, all ensuite bathrooms and 1 guest toilet. 440 m2 Total -> Built: 175 m2 interior, 153 m2 of terraces and 108 m2 of solarium with private rooftop pool.

1st Line of the beach! The apartment offers sea views from all areas and you will have mountain views as well.

The apartment is located in a luxury residential complex Residencial Nereidas built in 2021 with an avant-garde and innovative design, designed to make the most of the fabulous open views of the Mediterranean Sea.

Strategically located, it is located in one of the best connected areas of the Costa del Sol. Unbeatable connection with the Málaga International Airport, María Zambrano train station and the city's port. It has excellent communication with commercial, leisure and gastronomic areas.

The 3 bedrooms all have built in wardrobes as well as cat 6 data cable from central distribution point.

Just 800 meters from the Parador Málaga Golf.

6.5 km from Malága International Airport.

Just 10 minutes from the center of Malaga.

2 Parking spaces and storage room included in the price.

Direct lift access to car park.

Outdoor saltwater pool 1,000m2

Olympic length pool 50m

Indoor heated pool

Sauna, Turkish bath and fully equipped gym

24h Security

Gunni and Trentino equipped kitchen

Glazed facade

Underfloor heating throughout the house, aerothermal heating and suspended toilets.

From each material, to the smallest detail of its construction, built with a clear objective: Guarantee the best materials on the market, providing maximum functionality, durability and the most detailed design.

The construction of each property begins with the objective of making the most of each room, resulting in perfectly distributed spaces optimizing each area.

No tourist rental allowed!