NEW TO THE MARKET!

We are pleased to bring to you this wonderful 3 bedroom - 2 bathroom villa with Sea Views and private swimming pool in El Faro.

The villa is located in the district of El Faro, just a 5 minute walk to the beach and 8 minutes walk to all amenities such as Bars, Selection of Restaurants, Chemist and Beauty Salon. The bus stop, going to Marbella or in the opposite direction to Fuengirola, is also just around the corner from the villa.

El Faro is situated just a few kilometres drive from the Beaches and Nightlife that Fuengirola brings or the more sophisticated, affluent La Cala de Mijas.

This one level villa, sits on a large 750 meter square plot with wonderful grassed gardens that surround the villa. The pool is located to the right side of the manicured gardens, which are south facing, and have sun all day with fantastic, panoramic views of the Mediterranean sea.

When entering the villa, to the right hand side, are three double sized bedrooms. The master bedroom has its own en-suite bathroom and enjoys swimming pool and sea views from its windows. There is a guest bathroom with large walk in shower to service your guests. Both bathrooms have recently been refurbished.

Entering the villa and walking left there is a very convenient pantry and storage room, which also houses the washing machine and dryer including an extra fridge freezer.

The owners have also recently installed a brand new fully equipped kitchen, which is set just off the open plan lounge. The villa has a lovely countryside feel to it with its wooden beams,  high ceilings and centre-piece fireplace.

The living area is surrounded with large windows/patio doors where light floods through, creating a really light and bright effect. Through the windows you have great views of the terraced garden area and sea.

There is an off road, large private garage at the front of the property which is suitable for a large car and this space combines into a great storage area.

You really must see this property!

Videos available by request.
