This fully renovated, state-of-the-art property is distributed over 4 stories, with street access from both the top and the bottom floors.
At the lower level, you have a spacious garage with room for two cars and plenty of storage, an additional storage cupboard, a laundry room, a guest bedroom with stunning views, and a large guest bathroom.
Upstairs, you will find the master bedroom which boasts a sizable his'n'hers walk-in wardrobe and bathroom, and also provides access to a private balcony with even more spectacular views. The adjacent room is currently being used as a study, but can easily be converted into another (ensuite) bedroom.
The floor above is entirely dedicated to living spaces. The large open plan kitchen/dining/sitting room area allows for a high degree of sociability, and wide floor-to-ceiling glass doors lead out to a terrace that provides yet another breathtaking view of the mountains and sea.
On the back side of the living area, there is access to a large private garden terrace of 128 m², which has been beautifully landscaped with a mature olive tree as the main feature.
The final floor of the house is dedicated to glorious outdoor living. A Jacuzzi, plunge pool, bar area and 57 m² sun terrace all provide truly stunning views that sweep across the UNESCO protected Sierra Alpujata, down to the picturesque village of Mijas, continuing further to the bustling town of Fuengirola, and finally stretching out over the Mediterranean Sea. On a clear day it is even possible to see the snowy peaks of the Sierra Nevada, where winter ski breaks are just a 2.5 hour drive away.
Extra features include: Water-based underfloor heating throughout, hot and cold air provided via (the same) energy efficient heat pump system, water purification system, ultrafast Wi-Fi 6 throughout the property, fully remote – almost all technology in the house can be accessed and controlled by a smart phone (‘ring' doorbell system, alarm, [8] security cameras, awnings, lighting, music, air conditioning, garden irrigation, bathroom ventilation, and even the oven!)