Superb ground floor apartment with a large private garden and sunny terrace, situated in the beautiful Vinas del Golf, at Dona Julia.

This apartment is ideally situated off the main coast road between Estepona and Duquesa. As a result it has great links to Marbella, Sotogrande, Malaga Airport and Gibraltar Airport. Secondly, with good access to the nearby sandy beaches, golf course of Dona Julia and El Cortesin and a short drive to the seaside village of Sabinillas and Puerto de la Duquesa.

The complex has a security gated entrance and boasts attractive sub tropical gardens with manicured lawns and a fabulous swimming pool area.  The property is of exceptional high quality, with many addition features. Hot and cold A/C,  double glazed windows, sun-blinds and polished marble floors.

This ground floor apartment is in excellent condition and beautifully presented with tasteful decor and quality furnishings throughout.  The apartment is south west facing and naturally bright and airy with a fabulous sunny aspect.  In addition, the property has large 33m2 independent bodega.  This has been completely prepared and fitted with ventilation system, water and electric – an ideal place for a gym, games room or additional bedroom.

The property itself comprises of: Entrance and reception area. A fully fitted and equipped modern kitchen with independent utility room. A spacious and bright living room and dining area with access to the large south west facing terrace.  This beautiful terrace area has quality floor tiles and been fitted with glass curtains and has pleasant views of the surrounding Dona Julia area.  A fabulous use of space and extension to the living room.   Access to a second uncovered terrace area and the private garden.  This has been laid with artificial grass and low maintenance, making an ideal outside area for al-fresco living and taking the sun.

The Master Bedroom has large fitted wardrobes and full en suite bathroom with jacuzzi bath.  Furthermore, this bedroom has access to the main terrace. The guest bedroom is also spacious and has fitted wardrobes.  Finally, there is a guest bathroom, which is bright and contemporary and has a walk-in shower.

Because of the quality of this lovely ground floor apartment and super outdoor space, it would make a wonderful holiday home with excellent rental potential or more permanent residence. Viewing is highly recommended.

To see a short video of this apartment, please click HERE.

The vendors of this beautiful property have written a small personal piece about owning their home here in Spain, take a look by clicking here.

Finally, for more information to buying a property in Spain have a look at our guide.