LOCATION - LOCATION - LOCATION

Fantastic - New Release in this desirable Elviria Beachside complex of Las Sabinas del Don Carlos.

This is a wonderful, two bedroom two bathroom top floor apartment that has just come on to the market in this very sought after area.

As you enter the property, to the left hand side, there is a separate kitchen with an additional storage and utility area, where it houses the washing machine. The kitchen is fully fitted and equipped with all white goods. In addition, the vendors will be leaving all the glasses, cups, plates, cooking equipment, knives forks etc. - so the apartment is ready for you to bring your suitcases!

Leaving the kitchen, you walk into a bright and light cosy living room. The light floods through the floor to ceiling patio doors. One of the highlights of this apartment is the large terrace, which has had glass curtains installed, creating a wonderful, extra dining/lounging space. You have a nice sofa and chairs to chill out on and a large dining table that sits 6 people. In the winter, the glass curtains let through loads of light, but keep the cold out and in the Summer they completely open up, so it gives you an Al Fresco dining feel. When looking out through the large glass curtain windows, you have a panoramic view of Don Carlos and down to the lovely manicured gardens and swimming pool of the complex.

The apartment has a great flow to it, leading just of off the living area is the guest bathroom which has a walk-in shower plus the guest bedroom. The guest double bedroom has 2 single beds and built in wardrobes.

The double sized master bedroom is also equipped with built in wardrobes and comes with its own en-suite bathroom. There is a large glass patio door that leads from the Master bedroom directly onto the terrace.

The property has hot and cold air conditioning, centralised throughout the whole property. There is also an underground garage, where the property has its own parking space and a storage room. From the garage, the elevator takes you directly up to the top floor and to your apartment.

Elviria is a very popular and sought-after location in the area of East Marbella. This prime location is only a 10 minute drive from Marbella centre and a 30 minute drive from Malaga airport. The area offers some great International schools and is known for its great range of amenities, providing a comfortable lifestyle for its residents and visitors. You can find an extensive selection of entertainment facilities, restaurants, bars, supermarkets and other services available in the area. Golfers can appreciate the proximity of Santa María and Santa Clara golf courses and their respective golf clubs. 

Elviria also hosts beautiful sandy beaches, with options for beach ethusiasts that would like to relax and also for the partygoers. The renowned and glamourous beach club Nikki Beach is located by the beach of the nearby luxurious five-star Hotel Don Carlos.