Luxurious and modern 2 bedroom apartment for sale, just a short drive from La Cala beach in Mijas, located in the nice complex of Lagar de Quabit. 

Located in a sun-soaked zone with a west-south orientation, this newly furnished, family-friendly 2-bedroom apartment for 6 is perfect for a relaxing beach or golfing family home. 
The lovely Mijas Costa beaches as well as the golf courses are an easy 20-minute walking distance, while the supermarkets and cafes are just a few steps away for a hassle-free stay.
This apartment has already a rental license in place, and is the perfect combination for owners stay as investment with already many rentals in place for the coming summer.

On-site, the peaceful apartment is equipped to provide ultimate relaxation with its shared pool, common garden with a children's play area and sun-dipped private terrace with the option of dining in the open air. The apartment is located on the second floor and offers an open, free-flowing layout along with lift access. The living room has direct access to the terrace and inside, it is furnished with ample seating, Smart TV, indoor dining and a breakfast table. The kitchen of the rental is fully-equipped and comes with a dishwasher, microwave, oven and fridge, among other utilities. Furniture can be bought separately

Features: air-conditioning and central heating are available for added comfort and pleasant year-round stays. There is also wheelchair access to reach the apartment easily and the shared pool is wheelchair-friendly.

The apartment is ideal for honeymooners, retired couples  as well as families.

Sleeping
Bedroom 1: A naturally-lit ensuite bedroom with a double bed, wardrobe and direct terrace access.
Bedroom 2: A bright and airy double bedroom with 2 single beds, a wardrobe and direct access to the terrace.
Extra: The double sofa bed in the living room converts into a comfy sleeping space for 2.

Bathroom
Bathroom 1: Ensuite to the master bedroom, this modern bathroom has a shower and WC.
Bathroom 2: A full bathroom with a bath with shower and WC.

Additional 
• Private Parking • Ironing Facilities • Washing Machine • Free Wi-Fi • Shared Pool and garden • Lift • Child-Friendly • Elderly Friendly • Ideal for family vacations and romantic getaways • Pets allowed in the complex

Location 

The family-friendly apartment is located in a well-serviced apartment complex El Lager, from where the beach, seaside cafes and terraces, supermarkets, cafes and pubs are within a 20-minute walking distance. For hikers, the location gives the opportunity to enjoy coastal hikes on Mijas' Senda Lateral, meanwhile for golfers, the apartment gives walking proximity to La Noria golf course. 
