This is a charming family home located in a quiet residential area of Estepona, just 10 minutes by car from the city centre and a few minute's walk to the beach and amenities. This south facing home offers plenty of space thanks to its 3 bedrooms, 3 terraces plus roof terrace, private garden, lift and 57m² private garage all while being ideally located close to schools, shops and, of course, the beach promenade.

On entering the house you are greeted with a large and bright sitting room with beautiful marble floors and lovely private garden with sea views. The large kitchen has been completely refurbished by the current owners so it is modern and semi open plan with a great breakfast bar. The sitting room has plenty of natural light thanks to the house's south facing orientation and the large terrace doors which open up onto the covered terrace and private garden which is ideal for family barbecues, lazy summer afternoons and year round alfresco dining.  

Upstairs you will find the 3 bedrooms including the master bedroom with ensuite bathroom. The other 2 bedrooms share a full family bathroom. There is a terrace off bedroom 2 and another large south facing terrace of the master bedroom which leads up to the 35m² roof terrace with open sea views.

Enjoy the luxury of a private lift that goes from the 57m² private garage under the house to the living area and all the way up to bedroom level. The house has hot and cold A/C throughout that can be run independently between the two floors. There are electric shutters throughout the house and mosquito screens for the summer.
The urbanisation is well maintained with beautiful tropical gardens, 2 swimming pools, a children´s pool and a padel court.
This house really does offer a lot. Space, privacy and a great location with low running costs and amenities on your doorstep. Due to its size it would make a fantastic family home and would definitely make a great rental investment property.

Community fees: €148/m
IBI and rubbish: €800/Year


