This beautiful, three-bedroom apartment is situated on the third floor, offering panoramic views of the sea, mountains and vibrant town of Estepona.
Here you will feel peace and tranquillity, enjoying the sea and the mountain views in a completely different light, a place where you can have everything within walking distance, without forfeiting any of your privacy.
This fabulous apartment was newly completed in 2022 and is key ready and stunningly, interiorly designed throughout. Combining ultra-modern finishes and state of the art technology including a aerothermal heating and cooling system for optimal energy efficiency and wall to ceiling doors capturing the stunning views and flowing natural light.
The apartment comprises of an entrance hall, guest cloakroom, a bright, spacious living area, with a stylish open plan, fully fitted kitchen, with modern appliances and breakfast bar. The living room, complete with dining area, flows out onto a large east facing terrace with stunning, panoramic views, ideal for watching the Estepona Sunrise.
There are two double bedrooms with fully fitted wardrobes, both benefiting from sliding doors, leading to the terrace area and share a stylishly designed bathroom.
The master bedroom comprises of a fitted dressing room, large en-suite bathroom and terrace doors flowing to a private terrace area. 

This development has been beautifully designed with a large swimming pool with children's pool, communal co-working spaces, inside and out, gym and spa area leading out onto a large communal relaxation terrace. This property also benefits from a private underground parking space and storage room.
For beach lovers, the renowned Playa del Cristo and its vibrant beach bars are just a 10-minute walk away, offering endless opportunities for sun-soaked relaxing beach days and beachfront, chiringuito dining. For walkers and adventure seekers the "Sierra Bermeja" mountain range is just a few minutes away, here you can enjoy endless walking trails and cycling routes through the winding paths and stunning countryside.
Perfectly communicated and a stone's throw from Malaga airport, enjoy a privileged, unhurried life, with the possibility of having everything at your fingertips and the exclusivity of living in a perfect location.
This beautiful property would make an excellent holiday home, permanent residence or rental investment. 
Please contact us if you would like to arrange a viewing