Villa front line golf with DOUBLE PLOT at an exceptional price. This Beautiful independent villa is very private and still enjoys panoramic sea views in La Duquesa.

Top quality villa built in traditional andalusian style villa in Duquesa Golf, Manilva. Still has a lot of air, light and brightness.
Built in 2009 and designed from two plots with a total of 1846m2, is distributed on two levels, on the main entrance level we find a spacious hall with wood wardrobe, on the left we access a bright and spacious kitchen with dining space that comes fully furnished, equipped and with top quality wooden furniture designed to the millimeter with love for this home, dining area, a generous island with views  to the garden and pool. The kitchen has direct access to the covered terraces and the garden, it also has direct access to the living room, that is divided into two comfort zones, and a cozy room with a fireplace. On the same floor we find a double guest room with a separate bathroom (with under floor heating) and another double room with an en-suite bathroom and a dressing room. 
Moving on to the upper floor,by some elegant cream marble stairs, we reach the third double room, and the master bedroom, which has an en-suite bathroom, a hall with a dressing room and spectacular views of the sea, golf course and mountains. Both rooms enjoy an open terrace facing south and south west. All rooms are equipped with large solid wood wardrobes, specially designed for this villa. Pool size 8.5m x 4.5m. Parking 38m2. Includes furniture.
Detached Villa, La Duquesa, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 334 m², Terrace 249 m², Garden/Plot 1846 m².

Setting : Frontline Golf, Close To Port, Close To Town, Close To Marina, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Excellent.
Pool : Private.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning.
Views : Sea, Golf, Panoramic, Garden, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Garage, Covered, Private.
Utilities : Electricity.
Category : Cheap, Distressed, Golf, Investment, Luxury, Resale.
