What an OASE!
Do you want to own your own estate in the interior of Malaga? We offer you a small estate with 3 houses and 75,000 m2 of partially irrigated land. Despite its rural location just 10 minutes' drive from all the amenities of the village of Pizarra, including an excellent train connection to the city of Malaga and the international airport and directly along the coast to the various beach resorts of the Costa del Sol.

The plot on which the 3 houses stand is fenced and access is via an electric gate. The access road to the main house is beautiful with a row of trees. The main house has an area of about 200 m2 and is of high quality. It is built in a simple but elegant style with lots of open spaces, high ceilings and large windows that create a pleasant atmosphere of peace and light.
Upon entering, there is a large central open space that leads to a living room/dining room of 30 m2 with French doors to a terrace overlooking lemon groves and the Andalusian countryside. There is a kitchen right next to the dining area that benefits from a walk-in pantry. The master bedroom is of generous dimensions and has a dressing room with fitted wardrobes and an en-suite bathroom. There is a second bedroom of equally generous dimensions and a shower room.
In addition to the main house, there are 2 guesthouses:
Guest house 1 is about 25m from the main house and has an area of 30m2. One enters through a covered porch to the studio-like accommodation; an open-plan sitting/bedroom, a kitchen area and a shower room.
Guest house 2 is secluded and private about 70m from the main house. It also has its own indepen-dent vehicular access. The accommodation measures 56m2 and comprises an open-plan li-ving/dining/kitchen area, a bedroom and a shower room. There is also a very attractive mezzanine with a 2nd bedroom. There is a pleasant terrace at the front of this house with nice open views.

 Another very special feature of this house is the private lake or swimming pond created by the owner. It is located a few metres from the main house and Guest House 1 and both have a view of it from their own veranda. It has both a practical and recreational use, as it stores water for irriga-ting the garden and fruit trees, but it can also be enjoyed for "wild swimming"!
During the summer months, it is regularly supplied with fresh water from the irrigation canal that benefits landowners in the Guadalhorce Valley.
The beautiful mature garden, which the current owner has created over the past 3 decades, is real-ly quite special with a wide variety of plants, shrubs and trees and with many lovely little secluded spots and vantage points, including a private "pine path".

Electricity is connected, but the owner also has a solar system. Water is supplied through the state's irrigation system and a private well, and high-speed internet is available. 

This beautiful property truly offers a new owner the chance to live the Andalusian dream!
