For sale holiday property - Elegant three bedroom penthouse flat , with two bedrooms en-suite, spacious living room with sofa bed , fully equipped kitchen. 
The flat with sea and mountain views is ideally located in the hills of Manilva in the Small Oasis complex It consists of 2 bedrooms (one with a double bed and the other with 2 single beds), 2 bathrooms (one with toilet and washbasin and the other with shower, bath, washbasin, toilet), living room with comfortable sofa and dining area.
The flat has air conditioning - heating/cooling. Fully equipped kitchen with fridge, freezer, dishwasher, oven, ceramic hob, microwave, toaster, juicer, kettle and Dolce Gusto coffee machine. Laundry room equipped with washing machine, iron, dryer and ironing board. Smart Tv 4k. Wireless internet. Beautiful balcony of 5,5 m² furnished with chairs and table. Views of the sea, mountains and garden. Parking space outside reserved for the flat.
The residence consists of 2 swimming pools ( 1 pool - work in progress). 
The flat is only 5 minutes from Duquesa marina, 20 minutes from Estepona, 30 minutes from Marbella, 1 hour from Pablo Picasso airport in Malaga and 20 minutes from Gibraltar. 2h30 from the ski slopes and 2h from Seville.
The ideal place to enjoy a relaxing holiday The location is just 10 minutes from the historic centre of Estepona, 20 minutes from Gibraltar airport and Puerto Banús (Marbella) and less than an hour from Malaga airport, you are within easy reach of everything you need: luxury, concerts, museums, culture, traditions, gastronomy .... if you want peace and relaxation, Just a few eminutes from the luxurious port of Sotogrande and another marina LA Duquesa . 
The complex is fenced and monitored and has outdoor swimming pools for adults and children, tennis courts, fitness club, cinema, pool bar, manicured gardens and other amenities.

Nearby is the harbour of La Duquesa with bars, restaurants and shops, larger markets and shopping centres in Sabinillas. The luxury marina at Sotogrande is only a little further away, the larger town of Estepona is only a 10-minute car ride away, while Puerto Banus and Marbella or Gibraltar airport can be reached in 20/30 minutes.
A fantastic location for golf enthusiasts, there are several excellent golf courses within a short distance.
Flats ideal for holiday lets and long term rentals. Excellent investment offer for rental.
Price includes fitted kitchen, marble floors in bedrooms and living room, vinyl floors in bathrooms and kitchen, double glass doors and windows with blinds in bedrooms, hot and cold air conditioning installed.
We provide a comprehensive customer service: presentations of selected properties, interpreter service, assistance with all the formalities for the purchase.
You can fly to Malaga with regular low-cost airlines such as Ryanair, Wizair, Lufthansa, Swiss , KLM . from Warsaw, Krakow, Wroclaw, Gdansk, Prague or Berlin.
*** Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version) ***

