Rare opportunity to purchase a penthouse apartment located in the prestigious Roncesvalles Dos complex in Arroyo de la Miel.
The location of the property is excellent as it is only 2 minutes' walk to Bonanza Square with its restaurants, bars, church, supermarket and chemist, 10 minutes' walk to Paloma Park and the beach, and 10 minutes' walk to the centre of the bustling town of Arroyo de la Miel.
The apartment itself has an entrance hallway with, to your right, the light and bright lounge/diner and to your left the kitchen with utility room off.  The hallway itself has fitted cupboards offering good storage space. There are two double bedrooms both with inbuilt wardrobes, which share a full sized family bathroom.  The second bedroom, has, in addition, an en-suite walk in shower and sink.  Both of the bedrooms and the kitchen enjoy views over the area and to the mountains beyond.
The south-west facing terrace is unusual in that it is accessed directly from both the lounge and hallway unlike so many other roof terraces that are accessed via a spiral staircase.  This enables you to make full use of the terrace for both sunbathing and dining al fresco, and, of course, to enjoy its panoramic views.
The urbanisation has extensive well maintained communal gardens, a tennis court and a large enclosed swimming pool.  As the apartment is set back from the road, despite the fact you are so close to amenities, there is no traffic noise.
The fabric of the exterior of the building is of high quality and designed in such a way that there is no need for painting it, and, as a result, the community fees are very reasonable.
The property comes with an allocated garage space – so desirable in such a popular tourist area – and a storeroom.
Interior floor space 62,19 M2
Parking 5B 12.60 M2
Storeroom number 6 7.5 M2
Community fees 133.75 € per month

Penthouse, Benalmadena Costa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 2 Bathroom, Built 75 m², Terrace 17 m².

Setting : Close To Shops.
Orientation : South.
Pool : Communal.
Features : Private Terrace, Storage Room.
Furniture : Fully Furnished.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Security : Gated Complex.
Parking : Private.
Category : Resale.
