A stunning, South-West facing, two bedroom apartment in Casares Golf. This apartment is beautifully presented. It is bright, modern and beautifully presented. There are lovely views of the vineyards and golf course.

This property is built to very high-quality specifications with grey ceramic tiles running throughout the apartment and out to the terrace, heating and air-conditioning, a fully fitted kitchen with top of the range appliances and a silestone counter-top, fitted and lined wardrobes, solar panels, high quality and double glazing. 

As you walk through the main door you come into a spacious open-plan living area, with a state of the art open -plan kitchen, large living and dining room with a glass doors leading right out to a spacious terrace.  This outdoor space is spectacular, perfect for dining al fresco, sunbathing and simply enjoying the Mediterranean climate and those long Summer evenings.

From the main hallway, you can access the two double sized bedrooms. Both bedrooms have glass balcony doors that lead out to the terrace. The main bedroom is ensuite with a large walk -in shower and bidet. The second bedroom has two doors so that you can close the door and use the bathroom for guests or also use it as an ensuite bathroom. Both bathrooms have large walk in showers.

This is located in a fabulous urbanisation with communal gardens and pools. The property comes with an uncovered parking space in the communal area and a private storeroom.

This gated community is located in Casares Golf, only a two-minute drive or 20 minute walk from the incredible Casares beaches and beach bars. You can walk along the promenade and beach to the fishing town of Sabinillas with all its amenities including health centre, sports centre, banks, post office, supermarkets and many other amenities, and across to Marina de la Duquesa with its many international restaurants and cafés. It is also within very close walking distance of a gym, Casares Golf Course and a Thai restaurant. The Casares road is known for its fabulous 'ventas' (restaurants). The whitewashed village of Casares is also only a 15-minute drive away. Casares is a beautiful area, only an hour away from Malaga centre and airport and 30 minutes from Gibraltar airport and Malaga. The 6-star resort of Finca Resort is only a few minutes away form this urbanistaion.

A fabulous urbanisation in an incredible area.

Come view with me!