OCCUPIED PROPERTY. OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS.
The price of the property has been set taking into account that the property is acquired by the buyer in an occupied state, so said price would not apply if at the time of formalization of the public deed the property is free of occupants.
The photographs may not correspond to the current state of the property.
Impossibility of interior visit.

Discover your new home in the beautiful urbanization Marina de Casares, in Casares! This charming apartment for sale offers you the opportunity to enjoy a quiet and relaxed lifestyle in a privileged location. With a surface area of 73 m², this bright apartment has an intelligent distribution that makes the most of each space. Enjoy a cozy living-dining room where you can meet with your loved ones and create unforgettable memories. The kitchen is perfect to display your culinary talent. The apartment has two comfortable bedrooms, where you can rest and recharge. In addition, it has a complete bathroom that offers comfort and privacy for you and your guests. The built-in wardrobes provide you with the necessary space to organize your belongings in an orderly manner. But that's not all, this property has a charming terrace where you can enjoy moments of tranquility and relaxation outdoors. In addition, the urbanization offers a communal swimming pool and garden areas, ideal for cooling off on hot days or for enjoying outdoor walks. Do not miss this opportunity to acquire this beautiful apartment in the quiet urbanization Marina de Casares.

Ground Floor Apartment, Casares Playa, Costa del Sol.
2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom, Built 73 m².

Setting : Close To Golf, Close To Sea, Close To Town, Close To Marina.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C.
Views : Street.
Features : Fitted Wardrobes, Private Terrace.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Partially Fitted.
Parking : Garage.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Telephone.
Category : Bargain, Beachfront, Cheap, Distressed, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Repossession.
