Special finca with a main house, guest house and stables in the  Mijas area , close to amenities

A very special finca located a short distance inland from Mijas Golf, just off the road up towards Alhaurin El Grande.  This is a country property with very good road access and is perfect for buyers who are nervous of unmade tracks.   The total land area is approaching 10,000 m2 although the real usable area surrounding the house is around 5,500m2.

The property comprises a main house, which is a typical country house, built some timje ago, and now in need of a bit of a refresh, but which has great potential.  Approached via an enclosed terrace there is a good sized living/dining room with fireplace, a smaller snug sitting room with an office area off and well fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and utility area.  The main bedroom has wardrobes and an en suite bathroom.  There are two further bedrooms with an interconnecting bathroom with bath and shower

The house has a covered terrace accessed from the living area which leads to the pool and there are various terraces to enjoy both sun and shade throughout the year.
shower.  A new eco friendly air conditioning system has recently been installed which also provides hot water.

There is also a chalet style guest house of timber construction which is nicely presented with double glazed windows.  It has a comfortable living room with sitting and dining space together with a log burner stove.  There is a comprehensively fitted kitchen with integrated appliances including a washing machine and dishwasher, two bedrooms and a recently refitted shower room.  Hot water is from a bottled gas boiler.  The Guest house has its own private terrace areas which enjoy the views and it also it has a tourist licence for lettings.

On the lower side of the plot there is a stable block and paddock area with its own separate entrance although there is also access down from the main drive way.  The stables have 4 loose boxes plus a tack room and a studio suite with a living area, kitchen and bathroom.

The plot is gated with an automatic entrance gate and driveway down to the house where there is a garage/store, car part and further parking spaces including a dedicated space for the guesthouse.

The property has well water and a water storage tanks for the houses and also for irrigation.