Fantastic four bedroom corner townhouse with generous terraces in super position within gated complex near Paraiso Golf.

The position of this townhouse is second to none on the complex. It has a garden that is wider than most of those inside the gated area and is very private being at the end of the row. Inside the house, this select position grants much more interior light in both the living room and kitchen than in other similar properties. Two cars can be parked to the front of the property. The house is also situated near to a side pedestrian gate meaning that additional guests can park in the nearby spaces provided outside the gates, and access the house very quickly and easily. 

As you enter the property, you will notice that it is in immaculate condition. Double doors lead from a spacious hallway to a beautifully proportioned living and dining area.  A gas fire heats this area very efficiently in winter, and three sets of double doors lead out to the large picturesque terrace and garden. Electric awnings and shutters have been fitted to the property. 

The fully equipped kitchen also accessible from the hall leads out to a covered laundry area which doubles as a handy area to store cleaning equipment, golf accessories, bikes etc, and has additional access via an external door. 

Also on this level are a guest cloakroom and understairs storage cupboard.

The first floor has three good sized double bedrooms. The master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom with separate shower and bath and along with one of the guest rooms, leads out to a sunny terrace offering views of La Concha.  On this floor there is also a family bathroom. The second guest room on this floor has its own Juliet balcony. 

On the second floor of the property you will find a further double guest room with ensuite shower room. This could also be used as a useful office for those needing to work from home or just preferring to have a space to hide away computers and files. From here you can access the very spacious roof terrace which the owners have refurbished with a new floor. The views of La Concha and the Mediterranean Sea from this magnificent terrace make it the ideal place to relax or entertain friends.

The property is beautifully furnished in a style to suit most tastes. Air conditioning is included throughout with separate controls for each area. Located in the heart of El Paraiso, this property is ideal for families looking to move to the area or those who wish to enjoy extended holidays in close proximity to golf, tennis, restaurants and much more.

Facilities on the complex include two swimming pools and paddle tennis court.