NEW TO THE MARKET!

4 bedroom, 4 bathroom villa located in Torrenueva, La Cala De Mias, with private pool and garden.

We are delighted to bring to you this four bedroom four bathroom villa, set over two levels sitting on a large 1.203 metre square garden plot.

The villa has two entrances; one at the top of the villa, where you have the room to park two cars. Alternatively, you can enter from the below entrance where you have an impressive driveway with loads of space for parking which leads up to your two private, closed garages where you find parking for two more cars. 

Entering from the top entrance, through the front doors, there is a nice and welcoming hallway leading into the large upstairs living room. Huge widows let loads of light flooding in and creating a fantastic bright living space. The living area has a dining table that sits 8 people and 2 large sofa sets, creating a great and spacious room for entertaining or relax in. There is a guest bathroom on this level and all rooms have hot and cold air-conditioning.

The separate kitchen, is just set off to the side of the living area. The kitchen is fully fitted and equipped, there is a nice breakfast bar and dining area. The lower terrace with great garden views comes of off the kitchen so very nice area for El Fresco dining or morning breakfast and coffees.

On this upper level, we have the largest bedroom, with its own walk in wardrobe and en-suite bathroom. 

Going downstairs, there is a second living room with a fantastic Retro fireplace and three separate, double sized bedrooms with full air-conditioning, two of which are en-suite.

In addition to all of this, there is a great investment opportunity!

The land plot, that the villa sits on is 1203 M2 in size. The owner of the villa also owns the adjacent land plot. If desired, this 772 m2 plot can be purchased and there is a possibility to build an additional 254 m2, two storey villa on this plot. Alternatively, it can be kept as an extended garden as the owner is doing now. 

Viewings highly recommended.