Discover elegance and comfort in this impressive semi-detached single-family home in Urb. La Pacheca, Benahavís. With an area of ​​287 m², this residence offers a generous and well-distributed space, ideal for enjoying an exclusive lifestyle.

The basement houses a spacious garage, a versatile room, a toilet and a practical laundry area. Upon entering the ground floor, you will be greeted by an access porch and a charming garden terrace. The independent kitchen, fully equipped with high-quality furniture and appliances, becomes the heart of the house. The living-dining room, highlighted by a cozy fireplace, creates a warm and welcoming atmosphere. A hallway and an elegant staircase will take you to the first floor, where the 2 bedrooms with a bathroom and a private balcony are located.

The house has ducted air conditioning, providing a perfect climate at any time of the year.

Located in the Residencial El Casar, in the La Pacheca Urbanization Phases I and II of the municipality of Benahavís, this property is located in a residential and tourist environment surrounded by detached, semi-detached and block single-family homes. Just 7 km from the beach and strategically located between Marbella, Estepona and Ronda, Benahavís offers the tranquility of a mountain town with easy access to the main urban centers.

The urbanization has facilities for leisure, including extensive gardens, swimming pools, clubhouse, gym and indoor pool. Its interior streets, cobbled and landscaped, create a charming atmosphere.

Townhouse, Benahavís, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms, Built 287 m².

Setting : Mountain Pueblo, Close To Golf, Close To Schools, Close To Forest, Urbanisation.
Orientation : South.
Condition : Good.
Pool : Communal.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Fireplace.
Views : Mountain, Country, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Ensuite Bathroom, Courtesy Bus.
Furniture : Not Furnished.
Kitchen : Partially Fitted.
Garden : Communal.
Parking : Garage, Communal.
Category : Bargain, Cheap, Distressed, Golf, Holiday Homes, Investment, Luxury, Repossession.
