Rare opportunity of a large detached villa, beachside and only a short 2 minute walk to the marina of La Duquesa.
The property has undergone some fantastic modernizations, but still requires further renovations.

This property is in seldom found beachside location in La Duquesa - walking distance to the beach, bars and restaurants, and has sea views.
The villa stands in a good sized plot with a large garden to the rear of the property - ample room for a swimming pool.
A gated entrance leads to an attractive forecourt and huge 90 m2 garage.  This area has been fabulously modernized and could easily be altered to incorporate a games room or gym.  There is an integral staircase that leads from the garage to the upper floor.

The main entrance is via an attractive staircase with feature arched porch to the reception area.  Here there is a lovely living room with fireplace and access to a lovely covered terrace with views to the sea and the old castle in the nearby village of Castillo.  On this level there is also a formal dining area (currently an office area) and a fully modernized quality kitchen with breakfast bar and independent utility room.  This floor is completed by a modern guest cloakroom. There is a super open plan character on this level.  Access to the large garden to the rear of the property with large gazebo (needs attention).  Plenty of room for a large swimming pool if required.

The top floor has a large landing area and leads to the spacious accommodation.  The large master bedroom has a small balcony with sea views , dressing area and en suite bathroom (needs fitting).  The 2 guest bedrooms are also very spacious and served by a large family bathroom (needs updating).

The property has undergone some fantastic renovations and modernizing, including quality new windows, electric blinds, quality air conditioning system, home demotics, new floors etc name but a few.  However, there are further renovations that will be required to the top floor.

This property has excellent potential.

