Villa for Sale in Mijas: 4 bed 4 bath, with stunning panoramic views!

Are you looking for a fantastic villa for sale in Mijas, Malaga? If so, we have just the property for you!

Imagine waking up to beautiful sunrises over the Mediterranean Sea and ending your days with breathtaking sunsets over the Mijas mountains…   A truly stunning villa for sale in Mijas …
Whether you're seeking a peaceful family retreat, a lucrative investment opportunity, or a blend of both, this recently renovated villa for sale in Mijas offers the perfect combination of comfort, convenience, and value for money.

Situated in a quiet, sought-after urbanization, in the foothills of the Sierra de Mijas, this modern 4 / 5  bedroom 4 bathroom detached villa with a large saltwater pool and breathtaking views is ideally located. It offers easy access to Malaga Airport (15 minutes), Marbella (20 minutes) and Mijas Pueblo (5 minutes).    As you step through the front door, you're welcomed into a bright and airy entrance hall, illuminated by natural light streaming through double-height windows. The hall seamlessly flows into a spacious lounge area, with several patio doors leading to outdoor areas, the wrap-around garden, and the swimming pool. 

Adjacent to the lounge is a large open-plan fully equipped kitchen/dining area with access to the adjoining garage. 

Exploring the ground floor further, you'll discover two double bedrooms, one with an ensuite and the other with an adjacent bathroom. Additionally, there's a versatile extra living room with patio doors leading to the rear garden that can be easily adapted to suit your needs, whether as a home office, playroom, or additional bedroom.  Panoramic views from the first floor …
As you ascend to the first floor, the spacious master bedroom awaits, boasting double-aspect windows and sliding glass doors that open onto an expansive terrace. From here, panoramic views stretch across the countryside to the glittering Mediterranean Sea, providing a breathtaking backdrop. On clear evenings, you can enjoy stunning sunsets and views of the coast of Africa.

The master bedroom also features an ample en-suite bathroom with a luxurious freestanding bath offering views of the Sierra, a double sink, and a walk-in shower. Next to the ensuite is a fully fitted walk-in wardrobe.

A naturally bright landing with both sea and mountain views links the upstairs rooms.

Completing the first floor are two more double bedrooms, each offering stunning views. One bedroom has access to a large east-facing roof terrace, perfect for enjoying your morning coffee while soaking in the sea views, while the other opens onto a generous, partly covered, shared west-facing terrace, offering exceptional mountain and sea views. These two rooms share a good-sized bathroom with a walk-in shower.  Throughout the property, thoughtful amenities ensure year-round comfort and convenience, including ceiling fans, reversible hot and cold A/C units in the bedrooms, and fully double-glazed windows with integrated fly screens. Additionally, high-quality renovations such as solar hot water, a pellet burner, high-speed fiber optic internet, an alarm system, electric blinds, and modern bathrooms elevate the living experience to new heights.

Family Villa for Sale in Mijas: Outside Areas
Saving the best until last, the outside space is hard to beat. The property has been designed to make the most of the unbroken panoramic views. Covered seating areas and sun terraces allow you to enjoy sun or shade at any time of day.

The large saltwater swimming pool with an expansive sun terrace has been designed to maximise the feeling of openness and space in its natural surroundings, whilst maintaining 100% privacy.

The main garden is very low maintenance with a natural grass area, an artificial grass area, and tiled areas with fruit trees (lemons, oranges, limes, grapefruit, apples, avocados, and mangos). The main garden area (approximately 850m2) is fully enclosed.

A large part of the land is separated from the main garden area and has been used to grow more fruit trees. This extra land was purchased by the current owners to prevent any other building from being constructed close to them, ensuring privacy.

There is the possibility to convert the area below the elevated pool into extra living quarters or a large games room if desired.

The property is extremely private and offers unbeatable views of both the countryside and the Mediterranean Sea. Viewing is highly recommended!

  Location of Family Villa for Sale in Mijas:
Located in a sought-after residential urbanisation with communal green areas, it is a safe and quiet location.
A bus stop with regular services to Mijas Pueblo and Fuengirola is a few minutes walk from the house.
The A7/AP7 is a short drive from the property, Malaga Airport (15 minutes) and Marbella ( 20 minutes).
Several public and international schools can be reached within an easy 15-20 minute drive.
Detached Villa, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
4 Bedrooms, 4 Bathrooms, Built 380 m², Terrace 40 m², Garden/Plot 1800 m².

Setting : Urbanisation.
Orientation : South, West, North, East.
Condition : Excellent, Recently Renovated.
Pool : Private saltwater.
Climate Control : Air Conditioning, Pre Installed A/C, Hot A/C, Cold A/C, Fireplace. Solar panels.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Country, Panoramic, Pool.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace, Solarium, Satellite TV, WiFi, Ensuite Bathroom, Double Glazing, Fiber Optic.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Garden : Private, Easy Maintenance.
Security : Security door, Security glass, Electric Blinds, Alarm System.
Parking : More Than One, Private.
Utilities : Electricity, Drinkable Water, Solar heated water.