A rare opportunity to buy this penthouse apartment, centrally located in the beautiful white village of Mijas Pueblo, with two allocated parking spaces and storeroom.
This stunning penthouse is located in a building with just two other apartments, and it is close to all the amenities in Mijas including restaurants, health centre, chemist, dentist and the primary school.
The property has an entrance hall leading to the spacious lounge/diner with its beamed ceiling and fireplace with cast iron stove. This room also benefits from dual air conditioning,.  Patio doors lead out to the south facing terrace with its panoramic coastal and sea views.  The terrace has both open and covered areas so you can enjoy sun or shade.
The kitchen is just off the lounge/diner and is fully fitted with oak units, double sink, granite worktop and has a dishwasher.    Off the kitchen you will find the utility room housing the washing machine, fridge/freezer and storage cupboards. A door from the utility room leads out to the north facing terrace.
The penthouse has three bedrooms.  The first bedroom is to your right when you enter the property and is a double with fitted wardrobes and patio door leading out to the north facing terrace.  The second bedroom is a large single room with fitted wardrobe and patio doors leading out to the north facing terrace.  The Master bedroom is south facing with large double wardrobes, ceiling fan, patio doors leading out to the south facing terrace and with an en-suite bathroom with Jacuzzi style bath with shower over.
There is a second family bathroom with walk in shower.
The property is light and bright, with superb outside space.  There are ample terraces for you to enjoy the warm Mediterranean climate and, of course, the superb views.
The property is sold with two allocated garage spaces in the underground garage, both spaces measuring 23 M2 each, in addition to a storage room of 14.5 M2.
There are no community fees.

Penthouse, Mijas, Costa del Sol.
3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Built 90 m², Terrace 15 m².

Orientation : South.
Views : Sea, Mountain, Panoramic.
Features : Covered Terrace, Fitted Wardrobes, Near Transport, Private Terrace.
Kitchen : Fully Fitted.
Parking : Garage, More Than One.
Category : Resale.
