A fantastic opportunity for a charming Puerto de la Duquesa apartment near the heart of La Duquesa marina. An ideal pied-a-terre for beach side living or vacations.

La Duquesa is a picturesque marina with a large selection of bars and restaurants. The marina also offers a wide variety of land and sea based activities including several championship golf courses, miles of unspoiled beaches and the Mediterranean Sea. Beautiful seaside walks along the promenade on either side side of Duquesa lead to the traditional villages of Sabinillas and Castillo. Both have all amenities including a wide selection of tapas bars and restaurants.

This first floor Los Pelicanos apartment is located a short 2 minute walk to the marina and less than 200m from the beach. Los Pelicanos is a well maintained, low-rise complex with a swimming pool and a security gated entrance. In addition, this apartment also includes a much-valued, private covered parking space within the complex.

The property has been lovingly maintained and updated by the current owners, including recently modernized bathrooms and new windows throughout, to name but a few.

The property is entered by a welcoming reception and entrance hall that leads to the living room. This is a charming bright room with ample room for both a lounging and dining. The room is dominated by large picture windows with views over the pool and surrounding green park area. The living room then leads to a lovely south east facing terrace with open views too, and also a glimpse of the sea. The terrace has a large awning providing shade from the morning and afternoon sun. Its a lovely area to relax and entertain.

The kitchen is large and fully fitted with plenty of storage and workspace. The sleeping accommodation comprises of 2 spacious double bedrooms, each with fitted wardrobes. The Master has a nice view over the park area and a spacious en suite bathroom with a walk-in shower. There is also a smaller second bathroom, with a walk-in shower too.

The apartment is in good condition, and some additional updates could improve the property, but not essential. Additional extras included ceiling fans in the living room and bedrooms, insect screens and sunblinds.

This is a super Puerto de la Duquesa apartment in a fine, central location and only a 2 minute walk to the beach and marina. A lovely holiday home with excellent rental potential. Viewing is highly recommended.

Excellent link roads lead to the seaside towns of Estepona, Sotogrande and Marbella with Malaga International airport less than 1 hour away.