Set on a privileged golf front position in a quiet cul-de-sac street in the very heart of la Cala Golf resort, this superb detached villa enjoys sun all day and stunning golf views. Built in 2017 with a contemporary look, the villa benefits from great quality specifications, modern and open plan layout and the best possible natural light.  The villa offers expansive open and covered terrace areas, as well as spacious indoor living space including 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, a modern kitchen and laundryroom  with Siemens appliances and living- dining area that offers an open plan concept. The living area and kitchen access directly to the sunny terrace overlooking the golf and to the superb swimming pool, which is the perfect spot to enjoy the true Costa de Sol outdoor living style. 
The villa also has a very roomy basement that offers a wide range of possibilities such as creating games-room or fitness area, home-cinema, large office, extra bedrooms, etc.
This is the perfect villa for permanent living or lock & go second residence since the property requires very little maintenance.
This attractive villa, in this beautiful location, for this price? that's sounds like a fantastic deal, so contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment…
Beds: 4 | Baths: 3 | Living area: 170 m2 | Terraces: 97 m2 | Private pool: 29m2 | Garage + Basement: 100m2 approx. | Facing: S-SE | Construction year: 2017

It's no secret that La Cala is one of the finest golf resorts in Spain.  Three superb championship courses, each presenting its own unique challenges, a luxury hotel with a state of the art Spa, a splendid Club house, sports facilities, bars and restaurants, with its breathtaking vistas of the stunning Andalusian countryside and to the sea, La Cala golf Resort is worlds away from the hustle and bustle of the coast, yet just 10 minutes to the sea, 20 minutes from Marbella and less than 30 minutes from Malaga airport.

Airport: 30 min drive –  La Cala de Mijas: 4 min drive - Fuengirola: 13 min drive - Marbella Town: 15 min drive - Golf course: Golf front - Beach: 5 min drive - Bars&restaurants: 5 min drive - Amenities: 5 min drive - Public Transports: 4 min drive

Our team works incessantly to make sure that the description and the sales prices for the properties offered on this website are correct and up to date.  Notwithstanding, the information contained in this website is subject to errors and omissions, and the properties themselves subject to price changes, prior sale or withdrawal from market.

The property market on the Costa del Sol has completely recovered and the good properties are being snapped up fast! We suggest that if you see something you like that fits your budget, contact us as soon as possible to avoid disappointment!
