Country CORTIJO with panoramic views. 

. Self Contained Apartment
. LIFESTYLE
. Relax, unwind and enjoy the andalucian countryside
. PRESS YOUR OWN OLIVE OIL
. Privacy
. Central Heating
. Traditional style

Main House.

This property is one of a kind. The property sits in an elevated position, commanding amazing panoramic views. It has recently been tastefully renovated in Traditional Andalucian Style.

The entrance hall is light and airy with double windows looking into the CENTRAL COURTYARD. A staircase takes you to the Master Suite with ensuite bathroom. Double patio doors lead you to an elevated terrace with views towards the mountains.

The lounge is spacious with high vaulted ceiling, patio doors leads you to the terrace/dining area and pool area to the rear of the property. The fully fitted family kitchen has been fitted in a traditional style, with windows to the rear over looking the pool area and to side, a door leads to a side terrace and utility room.

There are 3 more bedrooms 2 of them with ensuite bathrooms. A study is also located on this floor.

Separate Apartment

A two bedrooms self contained apartment is located to the side of the property with private terrace.
Guaro is a modest white village, located on the edge of the Sierra de las Nieves natural park. Thanks to its elevated position, at over 350 metres above sea level, the village offers privileged views across the surrounding countryside.

The area is known for producing almonds and olives, which is an important part of the local economy. Guaro has it ́s own olive mill, where locals have their harvests pressed. It is the ideal spot for outdoor lovers, which also offers a few famous cultural activities like the Luna Mora festival in September. Like many white villages in Andalucia, the village dates back to the Arabic occupation of Spain. 


Guaro is located 55 minutes (50 km) from the city of Málaga and the airport and the beaches of the Costa del Sol (Marbella) are only a 35 minute (24 km.) drive away!